Nice to see you.
You know, these guys are no Bikini Kill or The Raincoats, but they're right up there. You know who The Raincoats are? Why, don't you? I watched you out there I've never seen you look like that Come to that party with me.
When
Jesus
But You always been this selfish? Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
Forget it.
Sure Then, go get her This is so patronizing. Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
But You always been this selfish? Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
Mother
Someone who's up for the job.
Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
, I'll see you in school I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be'occupied'.
Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her. You know, it's not every day you find a girl who'll flash her tits to get you out of detention. You can't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up, you know.
When I shell out fifty, I expect results.
Nice to see you.
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.
'And those who are enlightened before the others are condemned to purse that light in spite of others.'There was a time when the New World didn't exist. The sun set in the west on an ocean where no man had dared to venture.
All in here.
That doesn't apply to me because I'm not a criminal.
Surname first, christian name and initial.
Can you get this suitcase to her parents, if you think it's appropriate?
Nobody knows his name.
I didn't think I had it in me.
Creation is, all else is not. what is not creation is meatless sausage, and rice cake, let it all crumble to feed the artist - The artist is, all others are not, a canvas is a canvas or a painting, a rock is a rock or a statue, a sound is a sound or it is music, a preacher is a preacher or an artist - Walter passes ART, seated with two attractive women - he rolls himself a cigarette, nodding in approval to Maxwell - Where are John Joe Jake Jim Jerk, dead dead dead, they were not born before they were born, they were not born, where are Leonardo, Mozart, Shakespeare, alive alive alive, they were born - Bring on the multitudes and the multitude of fishes - feed them that you will be satisfied, nourish the artist, stretch their skin upon an easel, crush their bones into a paste, so that he may mold them, let them die, and by their miserable death become the clay in his hands, that he might form an ashtray or an ark - that he might take you in his magic hands and wring from your marrow wonder - all that is comes through the eye of the artist - The rest are blind fish, swimming in the cave of aloneness- swim on you mortal and muddling maddened souls - and dream, of one bright and sunny island - some artist will bait a hook, and let you bite upon it, bite hard, and die -
Probably something will enter it, feel lonely, and leave again.
I'm gon na make big statues and little statues, movie stars and poets, and people who sell things on television, and the mayor, and some rock singers.
The Korova Milk Bar sold milkplus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence. Our pockets were full of money so there was no need on that score, but, as they say, money isn't everything.
A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl.
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep.
The
There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends. People who would have been glad to have you dead because then they would have been able to blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those are. There is also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who has been howling for your blood.
I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep.
Hello Lucy, had a busy night?
Deltoid sitting on bed in parent's room.
Alex does so, and continues to empty his pockets. One half bar of chocolate.
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
The
Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art.
Now they knew who was Master and Leader.
As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures. There were veeks and ptitsas laying on the ground screaming for mercy and I was smecking all over my rot and grinding my boot into their tortured litsos and there were naked devotchkas ripped and creeching against walls and I plunging like a shlaga into them.
The pain and sickness all over me like an animal.
Answer when the Governor asks you a question you filthy young swine!
You see, madam, I am part of an international student's contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines.
There is a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road. I suggest you use that. But, missus, this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
I would like to smash'em. Pick up th elot and f. owww. He slams his hand down and cries out with pain. Fucking hell.
The
Mr. Alexander typing.
I suppose he would have called it Hanging Man.his greatest work.
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
You object once so they can hear you say he's not a criminologist. You keep after it and it looks like this great cross we did was just a bunch of fancy lawyer tricks.
And I won't dishonor myself, my unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo home in six months.
United
the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
What I want is for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform, and with your Harvard mouth, extend me some fuckin'courtesy.
You want to know about code reds? On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that it's an invaluable part of close infantry training, and if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my base how I run my base. You want to investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me.
Their fate was sealed the moment Santiago died.
That's qreat! And of course you have proof of that. Ah, I keep forgetting: You were sick the day they taught law at law school.
The only thing I have to eat is Yoo-Hoo and SugarSnacks, so if you want anything else, bring it with you.
I don't know what the hell kind of an outfit you're running here.
Santiago died at one a.m. At three the doctor was unable to determine the cause of death, but two hours later he said it was poison.
Don't worry about it.
You just make a motion tomorrow morning at the arraignment.
If you hadn't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh for life.
Well, that's maybe all right for a bunch of powdered gee-gaws like you lot but I'm feeling decidedly strait-jacketed. This is no life for a free-booting agent of my stamp. I'm a frustrated man and that class of McCartney is a dangerous McCartney. What a clean old man.
That'll be two and nine.
Spoil sport!
Yeah, they give him that'Je ne sais quoi'rakish air.
I'm not wrong.
Oh, surely one can have a tiny touch. If you so much as breathe heavy on them, I'm out on strike.
Hello
Oh, it's a plot, I see it now, it's all a plot. Now, come on, I've got the key.
N/A
I told you!
Anyway
I got something better.
Guys can have nightmares too,y'know. You ain't got a corner on the fucking market or something.
Once you do that, you wake right up. At least it works for me.
You got ta cut your nails or stop that kind of dreaming, Tina. One or the other.
It's your daughter.
If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take. I know it's hard to think at a time like this, Walter, but can you think of anyone who could've done such a thing? He done it.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, a little ere the mightiest Julius fell. The graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the Roman street.
Lieutenant
I am, My boyfriend!
Lieutenant
But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before.
I dreamed about this guy in a dirty red and yellow sweater; I dream in color,y'know; he walked into the room I was in, right, right through the wall, like it was smoke or something, and just stared at me.
And
Don't worry, it won't come to that.
Very funny.
Let him go, you bastard.
In local nows, two more teenage deaths have occurred, both suicides.
Hey Phillip. Wake up, man. Have a nice stroll, asshole.
Look Joey.all the little piggies have come home.
I might, you know.
In my dreams, I can walk. My legs are strong. We made it.
Hello Father.
This is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in the dream, it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
My God. You were his mother. I'm glad things have worked out for you.
Don't worry, honey I need to draw some blood. Feeling better now?
I'm driving.
You look great! Save it for later.
Youshouldn't've buried me.I'm not dead.
N/A
Aristotle believed that during sleep you soul roams free.
If the food don't kill ya, the service will, hahaha!
Sayonara, Rick-san.
Well I changed my mind! You think you got what it takes, I been guarding my gate forever, hahaha! For in the reflection of my mind's eye. Let evil see itself.
My table now.
All the towns in America, I had to move to the Bermuda triangle. MADNESS
Elm Street's last brat.
Fresh meat!
Hahahaha
Alright, asleep or awake, I'm gon na punch his ticket in.
c'mon
I'm him.
I'm him.
There's got to be an explanation.
About Schneider, I mean.
Or collected in the bladder to be expelled at a later time.
Lisa.Lisa.I love you.I love you!
It's late.go back to sleep.
If anything weird happens - like if I start dreaming weird or try to walk out of here, you got ta try to bring me out of it. his me over the head if you have to.
Hey, let us off! Deaf old fart.
N/A
Nine ten, Freddy's back again.
Especially with sad people.
Time to feel the need for speed, Dickweed! AAAALICE! Don't dream and drive! SCREAMING HER NAME!
So we can eat at social events and not upset the other guests.
N/A
If I were you lady, I'd kill the ungrateful piggy! Alice!.
screaming in glee, the wind blowing his crew-cut straight up into the air.
N/A
Walkin's for squares.
Rabbi Nachtner's forebearing smile fades into puzzlement.
Rabbi
But
Uncertainty makes you uncomfortable.
N/A
N/A
How would you, scratch that, how would one go about it?
Your life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R. My only failing.
Kate you know what it's like being the only kid in show and tell who got to talk about visiting day? This move, I'm talking permanent, you understand. We don't see each other anyway, we haven't seen each other since Mom died and that's a year.
Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught, you don't know the heat on this.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
You don't need an appointment, Mr. Sullivan.. in the greatest shock to the nation since the Kennedy assassination, President Alan Richmond's death has rocked.
May
I took the entire staff down, always do this time of year. But Mrs. Sullivan didn't come. She was, had it all planned, but you know women, they change their minds. I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years and when she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy: she was going to outlive me. I think that's enough for today.
Miss Russell, I should have called the police that night.
Before I send you away for life, I should probably check out your alibi. Watched the Bullets game with Red Bransford. Prison buddy of mine, runs a bar, want to question me about the game?
Assholes are closer than they appear! The dog is barking insanely. You think you can do better?!
Maybe I was wrong about you. Maybe you are more than just a pet dick. ACE
Sergeant
If
Dan Marino should die of Gonorrhea and rot in Hell. Would you like a cookie, son? Ace takes a cookie. Holding it up.
I don't know I get hit in the head a lot! On the TV the ref makes an announcement. It's tails.
Now
He came with Miss Robinson This is official police business. We'll let you know if the coroner finds any ticks.
Unfortunately, in every contest, there must be.
Sergeant Neilson found a piss stain as big as Lake Huron near the bed. And third, the blood on the railing.
N/A
Einhorn
I fucked her up the ass.
The only thing that made you ten year old life worth living? I'll tell you a story. I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish.
From
Look, the only idea more overused than serial killers, is multiple personality. On top of that you explore the notion that cop and criminal are really two aspects of the same person. See every cop movie ever made for other examples of this. Mom called it psychologically taut. The other thing is, there's no way to write this.
It is interesting to contemplate an entangled bank, clothed with many plants of many kinds, with birds singing. Laroche is asleep at the wheel.
'There is not nearly enough of him to fill a book,'blah blah blah, so Orlean'digresses in long passes'blah blah blah'no narrative really unites these passages.'
There are too many ideas and things and people, too many directions to go. I was starting to believe the reason it matters to care passionately about something is that it whittles the world down to a more manageable size.
Laroche is an optimist.
Yeah, lots.
This is the story of my older brother's strange criminal behavior and disappearance. We who loved him no longer speak of Wade. It's as if he never existed. By telling his story like this, as his brother, I separate myself from his family and those who loved him. Everything of importance, that is, everything that gives rise to the telling of this story, occurred during a single deer-hunting season in a small town in upstate New Hampshire where Wade was raised and so was I. One night something changed and my relation to Wade's story was different from what it had been since childhood.
Dear Heavenly Father, Lord of Hosts, we come to Thee to beseech Thy blessings and commend to You the soul of our beloved wife and mother, Sally Whitehouse, to be one with You and walk with You, .goddamned hair on her head. Not a one of you is worth a goddamned hair on that good woman's head!
G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
I got this damned tooth, I got a few things bugging me, like everybody else.
G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
I get to feeling like a whipped dog some days, Rolfe, and some night I'm going to bite back.
Just dandy.
Fresh tracks.
And Miss Ariel is videotaping it. With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. Probably to a younger, more desirable female.
Mother Superior??
And I do miss her, and I hope that she's left something, some little part of herself with me.
God doesn't make mistakes, you're a mistake.
Force One. Air
There's something I need to tell you. and God knows if I'll ever get another chance. No matter what happens, you have been and always will be my hero. And you have always been my guardian angel. I will never regret my life with you.
This
Every time we ignore these atrocities the rapes, the death squads, the genocides- every time we negotiate with these, these thugs to keep them out of gig country and away from gig families, every time we do thiS.E. we legitimize terror.
When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gon na hit the fan.
He'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air.
I think so, but I've never seen it so acute. Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can.
Striken
And stick it in your ear.
Captain Kramer, this is Captain Colosimo.
Steve
Mr.
Captain, one of the women passengers is very sick.
No, we can't do that; the risk of a flameout is too great.
Things used to be different. I remember when we first met. It was during the war.
I'm all alone.
Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly, I can't even be sure of saving their lives. Now, is there anyone else on board who can land this plane? Well. No. No one that I know of. I think you ought to know what our chances are. The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
At this point, the entire digestive system is rendered useless, causing the complete collapse of the lower bowels, accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence.until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering, wasted piece of jelly. Turn.on.automatic pilot.
Then Ted was right! My career is shot.
Hey, get off of me!
I'm gettin'kind of fond of you, kid.
Ah, ah, ah, princess Your time is up! Jasmine! Oh, nice shot, Jaf Don't toy with me!
There is a cave, boy. A cave of wonders. Filled Jafar, can ya hurry it up? I'm dyin'in here! But the law says that only a prince can marry You've heard of the golden rule, haven't you boy?
Only one may enter here.
If you will not bow before a sultan, then you will Ladies and gentlemen, a warm Agrabah welcome for Now where were we?
Hey, if I were as rich as you, I could afford some manners Oh I teach you some manners! Look at that, Abu. It's not every day you see a You are a worthless street rat. You were born a I'm not worthless. And I don't have fleas.
You will You're speechless, I see. A fine quality in a I will never marry you.
I've never done a thing on my But Jasmine, you're a princess. Then maybe I don't want to be a princess.
And Don King fit right in.that double-breasted hipster is now a dashiki-wearing rip-off.
What you lookin'at, you ugly bear?!
What's my name, motherfucker?!
But I ain't goin'ten thousand miles to help murder and kill poor people for you.'Cause if I'm gon na die, I'll die now, right here, fighting you. If I wan na die. You my enemy, not Vietcong or Chinese or Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. You want me to go somewhere for you, but you won't even stand up for me in America, for my rights and beliefs, you won't even stand up for me here at home.
Then you make a public statement of divorce in the mosque, and Islamic law will be satisfied.'Satisfied?'.satisfaction is not makin'it with the woman who send you to the moon? Man, I'm the only normal person left around here and I'm a black Jew who can't read and is half drunk.
Army's there to kill, kill, kill. My religion forbids that. No. I never shot anything in my life.
And I ain't gon na let myself grieve and suffer none.
, I'd do anything for you.
That is all.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
So
You can't come in here like this!
I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like'ss'aik'ss', two words in my language which mean'excrement'and'cranium'.
You got a mean strak.
Johner's gun drops to the floor.
And the very devil with a socket wrench.
Either of you want a piece of me, I'm less than busy. Any time.
Let me see Don't touch me. You must think this is pretty funny.
If I'm not her. What am I? You're a thing. A construct. They grew you in a fucking lab. But only God can make a tree. And now they've brought the beast out of you.
My mom always said there were no monsters, no, real ones, but there are. Instruments show a jolt in heart rate, blood pressure.
Do I have to tell everyone to take a deep breath? Christie, do me a favor. When we hit the surface on the other side. no backstroke.
fifteen M-40 grenades and two flame throwers less than half full.one damaged.
Yeah, bullshit. Watch us. Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got out asses kicked, pal!
They brought her here and you know it.
We're on out way.
We've got to stop any entries before they get out of hand.
N/A
You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
I never saw such a buncha old women.
Well, there goes out salvage, guys.
It likes you. These are dead.
Cross my heart. And hope to die? And hope to die.
Was it an older model?
Hudson, run a bypass.
There
There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect!
There never was, there'll never be another like you.
This road's like glass.
But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be. I don't suppose there's a drink left.
It's only a fur coat.
Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love or be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent.
It's going to be a bumpy night.
In a minute.
There are two types of theatrical producers. One has a great many wealthy friends who will risk a tax deductible loss. This type is interested in Art. The other is one to whom each production mean potential ruin or fortune. This type is out to make a buck.
This is Eve Harrington.
I can always get a fresh one.
and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on- What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off.
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. To each of us and all of us. never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.
You won't even get to talk.
I detest cheap sentiment.
However it is important that you know where you are, and why you are here.
if I wanted to - as you say - be less humble, blow my own horn. how
May
To so many things I want to be for Bill. funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted. and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman. slow curtain. The end.
Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count.
That happens to be your particular abnormality.
A situation pregnant with possibilities - and all you can think of is everybody to go to sleep.
Mrs. Richards. I'll never forget this night as long as I live.
Honey chili had a point.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy- Everybody can't be Gregory Peck. - you're a setup for some gorgeous wide-eyed young babe.
It'll show up.
Happy Birthday, welcome home, and we-who-are-about-to-die-salute-you.
The kid.
Don't get up.
Mrs. Richards. I'll never forget this night as long as I live.
This is the dining room of the Sarah Siddons Society. The occasion is its annual banquet and presentation of the highest honor our Theater knows - the Sarah Siddons Award for Distinguished Achievement. These hollowed walls, indeed many of these faces, have looked upon Modjeska, Ada Rehan and Minnie Fiske; Mansfield's voice filled the room, Booth breathed this air. It is unlikely that the windows have been opened since his death. The minor awards, as you can see, have already been presented. Minor awards are for such as the writer and director - since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it and no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington.
Willie Stark. Why did he do it to me.
And live in a shack and eat red beans. Anne, what do you want me to do?
But I'm standing right here now on my hind legs. even a dog can learn to do that.
And if they don't deliver, give me a hammer and I'll do it myself. I want his throat cut, from ear to ear.
For I have the strength of many.
Nobody in the world but him.
For I have the strength of many.
You've been writing these like you really mean them.
I don't need money. People give me things.
There were rumors throughout the state that Willie was making deals with all kinds of people. strange deals. for
, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?
I can only conclude that the so-called sources of the Washington Post are a fountain of misinformation the White House has long since stopped being surprised at this type of reporting by certain elements of the Eastern liberal press Same kind of crap all non-denial denials we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
I'm tired of your chickenshit games I don't want hints, I want what you know! It was a Haldeman operation the whole business he ran the money, but he was insulated, you'll have to find out how wait there's more.
Sa-weet
Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming. You can drop me off here.
You've robbed him of an adolescence! Adolescence is a marketing tool. He's got no'crowd'. no friends.
By the way, he has you on acid, screaming'I Am A Golden God'from a fan's rooftop.
I'm not sweet. I'm dark and mysterious and pissed-off and I could be very dangerous to all of you. I'm not sweet, and you should know that about me!
'
'
Son
You'll remember me forever. I was there when you lost your virginity.
I always warned her about letting too many guys fall in love with her. I guess I was wrong. On of'em saved her life.
Lovely Ladies, Including the famous Penny Lane. the
No names are mentioned in the more embarrassing sequences, it's just completely obvious who's who!
I
Does anybody remember laugh-tah?
It's gon na be a cover.
Where's Iggy Pop? Don't you have a copy of Raw Power?!
Well, I have to go home. And you never helped me.
Hey man, it's travel on a pogo stick if I thought we'd make more money. You can play more dates with a plane.
She almost died last night, while you were with Bob Dylan. You're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans. She was your biggest fan and you threw her away. And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem. I'm gay.
Leave this to professionals.
It
Then I fell in with a group of ex- Chilean military selling artifacts on the black-market.
For Salieri one has to face the right way around.
Oh, they're both so beautiful, I can't decide.
From now on, we are enemies, You and Because You will not enter me, with all my need for you; because You scorn my attempts at virtue; because You choose for Your instrument a boastful, lustful, smutty infantile boy and give me for reward only the ability to recognize the Incarnation; because You are unjust, unfair, unkind, I will block You! I swear it! I will hinder and harm Your creature on earth as far as I am able.
Your God who tortures men with longings they can never fulfill. He may forgive me: I shall never forgive Him. Mediocrities everywhere, now and to come: I absolve you all!
Eat
the Emperor.
I was a model of virtue. I kept my hands off women, worked hours every day teaching students, many of them for free, sitting on endless committees to help poor musicians - work and work and work, that was all my life.
I do not claim to unravel the mysteries.
They go on forever - at least what they represent.
Grazie
The Archbishop would like a word.
Dear
Well then, we should make some effort to acquire him.
I'm a vulgar man.
I'm a vulgar man.
When
Wolfgang had actually summoned up his own father to accuse his son before all the world. It was terrifying and wonderful to watch. Now a madness began in me.
I'll make him give his word to serve you faithfully. And how will you make him keep it?
N/A
Wolfgang
Your God who tortures men with longings they can never fulfill. He may forgive me: I shall never forgive Him. Mediocrities everywhere, now and to come: I absolve you all!
Would God choose an obscene child to be His instrument?
At last I shall be freed By!
I have fast food experience.
My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood. This is my street. This. is my life. I'm forty-two years old. In less than a year, I'll be dead.
You and I used to be pals.
N/A
Shit.
I have to run next door.
Well, then so am I! And we'll always be freaks and we'll never be like other people.
Look at me, jerking off in the shower. This will be the high point of my day.
How?!
I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
I refuse to be a victim.
Well, that's true of every day except one. The day you die.
Can I give it to you in the morning?
Oh God.
I have fast food experience.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm sorry. You got the wrong idea.'I refuse to be a victim.'When this becomes your mantra, constantly running through your head I refuse to be a victim. I hope you don't mind if I play the stereo.
When I was your age, I flipped burgers all summer just to be able to buy an eight track. That sucks. No actually, it was great.
This is Jane.
Shit.
I don't believe him.
Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can't take it. and my heart is going to cave in.
You want to have like, ten thousand of his babies.
But I don't want to lie to her.
Which I'm sure would interest the I.R.S. since it technically constitutes fraud.
Well, are you just looking to lose weight, or do you want have increased strength and flexibility as well? I want to look good naked.
Would you like to try our new bacon and egg fajita just a dollar twenty-nine for a limited time only.
You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother.
In order to be successful, one must project an image of success. At all times.
My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood. This is my street. This. is my life. I'm forty-two years old. In less than a year, I'll be dead.
N/A
Every Thursday night, Red Lobster. And every guy there would stare at me when I walked in.
Somebody
You don't mind having the sole responsibility, your husband feels he can just quit his job Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
I am not joyless! There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, mister smarty man. There is plenty of joy in my life. Whatever happened to that girl who used to fake seizures at frat parties when she got bored?
You shut up, bitch!
What a freak.
I still want to do it.
We don't think you're fit for that.
I don't like being like that. I want to beat it.
Because I own my company. Feminine hands stamp small packets of blue cellophane with the words`Blue Magic'- And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
Every idiot gets to be young once. Let's get out of here. Awwrigght, baay-haay-baay! I got a oldie for ya gon na knock ya right on de flowa baay-haay-hee-baay!
Hey, Tango, what's up.
That's what my wife thinks.
The
I really had a good time.
All I got ta do is relay it. And it'll be on the air tomorrow, or Tuesday at the latest.
I don't care if you leave this second.
Wolfman Baby, she's all mine.
I mean, you can touch it if you want I mean the upholstery, you know.
You
Joe College strikes out.
A double Chubby Chuck, a Mexicali Chili Barb, two orders of French fries And cherry cokes.
You ever get tired of going steady with somebody that ain't around I'm up for grabs. So, you're Judy's little sister.
This is just between you and me.
Listen, after you're elected senior queen you'll have so many boys after your bod I don't want to go out with anybody else.
And I better see you there next year.
Watch out for the cop that's in Jerry's Cherry.
Listen, ah. Have a popsicle.
You can't call it for the whole night, man.
Hey, you sure you got enough slack?
We found it.
'
I like you.
Let us get on with our lives, man!
It'S not a'what', it's a'who.'
I'm trying to teach my sister some respect, Murray. Let go of my fucking hair!
Little
Well look at that.
If you don't see it, it's not real.
Loni
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time.
And if you want results, you will let me do my job as I see fit. Unless of course, You want this fool to saddle up and take another run at it? Can't you tell me anything? It's going to be a long spring. See, that's a shame. If people would just hand over the money and not shoot at us, What's that?
Holy shit.
If I might ask, when you brush your teeth, do you spit or swallow? Now, the sex, it's got to be valid, consensual sex.
Kind
Sometimes it can be pretty hard to locate.
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back through time.to change the future for one lucky lady.
N/A
N/A
Like a bet?
Last week I killed another girl with a chainsaw-I had to, she almost got away There was someone else there, maybe a model, I can't remember but she's dead too.
It's an epic meditation on intangibility, at the same time it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums.
If you don't shut your fucking mouth I will kill you, are you understanding me?
Marcus
Fifty-five
Lucky bastard.
Where do you place Paul that night?
Phill Collins solo efforts seem to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying in a narrower way, especially songs like'In the Air Tonight'and'Against All Odds.'
If you really want to do something for me, you can stop making this scene right now.
The menu's in braille.
Hey, I'm a child of divorce.
People just.disappear. The earth just opens up and swallows people.
I have to return some videotapes.
She s usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs.
Hello, Halberstam. Nice tie.
After I remove the icepack, I use a deep pore-cleanser lotion. In the shower, I use a water-activated gel cleanser, then a honey-almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb mint facial masque which I leave on for ten minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after-shave lotion with little or no alcohol because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm, followed by a final moisturizing'protective'lotion. There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, hut there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping you and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there. It is hard for me to make sense on any given level. My self is fabricated, an aberration. My personality is sketchy and unformed, my heartlessness goes deep and is persistent. My conscience, my pity, my hopes disappeared a long time ago, if they ever did exist.
That's a wonderful jacket.
It's hard to choose a favorite track among so many great ones, but'The Greatest Love of All'is one of the best, most powerful songs ever written about self-preservation and dignity. It's universal message crosses all boundaries, and instills one with the hope that it's not too late to better ourselves. to act kinder. Since, Elizabeth, it's impossible in the world we live in to empathize with others, we can always empathize with ourselves. It's an important message, crucial, really, and it's beautifully stated on the album. Not the face, you bitch. Not the fucking face, you piece of bitch trash! I want a firm commitment.
Pat Bateman. You want some money?.
If you really want to do something for me, you can stop making this scene right now.
He said he'd call tonight.
Please.I don know what to do.
Well, Gorbachev is downstairs. McDermott is going to sign a peace treaty with him between the United States and Russia. McDermott's the one behind glasnost, you know. Well.yeah
I'll send the asshole to London.
Jeez
I need to be home for that.
I
So I stocked up on herbal teas for your visit. The girl at the Food Co-op picked me out all kinds of herbal stuff. One of'ems good for stomachaches.
I can't do that.
You're not gon na believe this but some LA producer called an'he wants to do a play about my life. Call me! Delusions of grandeur. See, I think comics can be an art form. With pictures an'words, a guy can do pretty much anything! That's true, Harvey. But I didn't come all the way from Delaware to talk about comics. If ya think readin'comics about yer life seems strange, try watchin'a play about it. God only knows how I'll feel when I see this movie. But truth be told, the play wasn't half bad, and we got a free trip outta it.
So the nerds won, huh?
N/A
Now eat it up and I'll be back for the dishes when you've finished.
These dumb-ass kids never appreciate anything you do for them.
Oh God!
We were running and I fell and Jack went to help me up and this thing came from nowhere.I don't understand what they're talking about. In time I'm sure it will all come back to you.
Queen Elizabeth is a man!
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
N/A
A naked, American man stole my balloons.
Is
Help me!
I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
I don't want any food.
, I don't want to lose my virginity to a piece of fruit.
Studying is hard and boring. Teaching is hard and boring. So you're telling me to be bored, and then bored, and then finally bored again, this time for the rest of my life. This whole stupid country is bored. There's no life in it, or colour in it, or fun in it. It's probably just as well that the Russians are going to drop a nuclear bomb on us any day now. So my choice is either to do something hard and boring, OR to marry my. my Jew, and go to Paris and Rome and listen to jazz and read and eat good food in nice restaurants and have fun.
How can you go back to double French when you've had a weekend with an older man in a posh hotel in Paris? You wouldn't catch me coming anywhere near this dump.
With
I don't believe what I'm seeing!
Casey Jones was a son of a bitch.
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Now this is my idea of an ass bandit.
If he steps out of line, it would break my heart, but shoot him in the fuckin'head.
I mean, I wasn't involved, not'involved'involved, I was just trying to help him therapeutically, and some people tried to, uh, kill us.
Now suddenly you're soft on the guy?
The usual bullshit. Family problems.
Last night I dreamed we were walking down the street, I stopped to buy some fruit, and they shot me, like Brando in The Godfather. Good scene.
You know, normally a patient wouldn't smoke or drink during a session. That's an interesting fact I'll have to remember if I'm ever on'Jeopardy.'
Why don't you look over that way before I have to bust your fuckin'head open? & & I'm gon na get something to eat. You want like a sandwich or somethin'?
There
It's all thisshoot-'em-up action bullshit. I get enough of that at work.
He was running the family at the time.
Yeah, I do. thru
Mr. Vitti, when I got into family therapy, this was not the family I had in mind.
New
Leave us alone.
No, he just wanted to know you were happy. Fortunately, I am to be married.
Hello, I've get really terrible claustrophobia.
Doctor
When you're older. Until then, whenever you hear this song, think of me and know that I'm waiting for you.
I was just walking by.
Or Allah's, or Yahweh's.
Evacuate
Vatican City will be consumed by light.
N/A
When you write of us, and you will write of us, may I ask one thing?
I don't think California is bad at all. It's a drag coming home. Lotta beautiful women.
Don't be funny.
Well, if she is, then the hell with her! If she likes that lifestyle, let her live there! He's a jerk, for one thing.
I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here. Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun. Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college. I know, but ooh- here he comes.
L-L-Lyndon
You're using this conspiracy theory as an excuse to avoid sex with me.
And I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark.
Love you madly.
Well. thank you again.
It must be a tremendous hem.
I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people. I'm just not. you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve-'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to. if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot. You know, andit's-it's not good for my. All right, all right, you don't wan na go to the party, so uh, whatta you wan na do? That day in Brooklyn was the last day I remember really having a great time.
I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here. Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun. Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college. I know, but ooh- here he comes.
Ivan Ackerman, always the wrong answer.
I'm gon na get my camera.
Interesting poetess whose tragic suicide was misinterpreted as romantic, by the college-girl mentality.
Okay, let me have this.
No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
It's time to go to scatter the ashes.
Don't make my mistake, kid.don't.be a grunt.your whole life.
You've got good color in your cheeks.
Big Duke six to Eagle Thrust, turn on coordinates 1-0, niner, assume attack formation.
First
I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones.
Have you someone there?
You play with fire.
The Itch grows.
You may count on my steel.
With more words? Most of out people have already fled. We are but forty men.
Then you'll die.
He SCREAMS and rolls in the dust, extinguishing the flames. With her great strength, the Possessed Woman pushes upon one of the giant stone archways.
He breaks the boney arm in two and runs away from the sea of limbs. A bone arm rips from the grave and reaches for the Book of the Dead but Ash scoops it up first.
Don't touch me! You foul thing! Your gon na learn to live me missy.
I said the wrong thing and if I hadn't, I could be in bed now with a woman who if you could make her smile you got a life.
That monominute somebody gets that you need them they threaten to go away.
And
Look, there's a lot to be checked but.
Now I am really pissed! No touch. No touch. No touch. You may think you can intimidate the whole world with your attitude, but I grew up in Hell. My grandmother had more attitude. You don't intimidate me.
Over the dog. an ugly dog.
Let me write down which trains you take to get back.
I don't get it.
Then I've really overshot here'cause I was aiming at just enough to keep you from walking out.
It was better than sex.
Eat everything.
You're a wonderful man.
I've got Jews at my table.
What I know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, I don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show. Are we being neighbors for now? Do you still think I was exaggerating? Definitely a package you don't want to open or touch.
Get
There was no one else. I'm on the move too much. Trust me. You are very certain my dog is okay. because you have no idea.
I want you to go on this trip.
Hey Nancy.
I'll take the stairs.
Hello, luv. Thirty years of political and social upheaval.
You fight like a woman. Fifteen seconds and COUN-ting.
, I expect them to die.
Oh, hell, let's just do what we always do. Let's hijack some nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage.
If I was insolent, I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds.
What are your plans for this evening?
I like to see girls of that caliber.
'
Danger Powers, personal effects.
How does a hot chick like you end up working at the Ministry of Defense? I went to Oxford and excelled in several subjects, but I ended up specializing in foreign languages.
Austin, this is my mother, Mrs. Exposition.
Frau
Well, as long as people are still having promiscuous sex with many anonymous partners without protection, while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound.
The world's most powerful subterranean drill. So powerful it can penetrate the Earth's crust, delivering a 50 kiloton nuclear warhead into the planet's hot liquid core.
Do you like to wash up first?
Jesus Christ, what did you eat?
We're not so different, you and I.
There's two things I know about life: one, Americans will never take to soccer. Two, Swedish girls and stewardesses love to shag! They're shag-mad, man! Let me ask you a question, Vanessa, and be honest.
Oh, I fell over.
Why does everyone always laugh when I say that? They are after me lucky charms.
, I've got an idea.
I had such a great time.
I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People. A clean kill.
The Great Leonopteryx is the apex aerial predator. Not only rare, but the sightings tend not to get reported. There usually isn't time to key the mike.
This is gon na ruin my whole day.
When I was lying there in the VA hospital, with a big hole blown through the middle of my life, I started having these dreams of flying. Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up. They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money. But not on vet benefits, not in this economy.
I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People. A clean kill.
If I'm so ignorant, maybe you should teach me.
I thought, enough drink, you would not be so ugly.
Toruk
When I was lying there in the VA hospital, with a big hole blown through the middle of my life, I started having these dreams of flying. Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up. They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money. But not on vet benefits, not in this economy.
Grace Augustine is a legend. She's the head of the Avatar Program, and she wrote the book, I mean literally wrote the book, on Pandoran botany. That's because she likes plants better than people. Who's got my goddamn cigarette?!
I might just give you a big wet kiss.
They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money. But not on vet benefits, not in this economy.
The Great Leonopteryx is the apex aerial predator. Not only rare, but the sightings tend not to get reported.
That's how you scatter the roaches.
All I ever wanted in my sorry-ass life was a single thing worth fighting for. I hope you realize you've just lost a customer! Candy ass bitch.
We will see if your insanity can be cured.
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy.
Great Mother may choose to save all that she is, in this body.
, I only wanted to, You will never be one of the People! Bind them.
All I ever wanted in my sorry-ass life was a single thing worth fighting for.
There was no one I could go to and say,'Stop this, please stop this, can't you see my son is in pain?'
the
Sayer
'
I've made other plans.
They look at us like we're monsters.
You leave and I'll kill you.
Am
I just bet my balls and shook on it.
A strange wang right in my palm.
And my getting married's not gon na change a thing between me and my pals. We're still gon na go bowling on Tuesdays, play cards on Fridays and wear women's clothes on Sunday night. I love you guys. I always will. Let's have a toast.
They just came out with this watch last month. But this one looks like it's been through a war.
Well maybe it's time you did! You're doing it wrong.
Look
I'm gon na get that son of a bitch!
Oh, I'm all right.
You are such a pain in the ass.
Nobody around here had ever heard of it.
There I was, Adcox and me, pullin'that lady right out of the fire's fuckin'throat!
We're one short as it is with Brian gone.
There's two cops outside that want to ask you about this, This is just a guess of course, but I think they're gon na want to know why you secretly paid Donald Cosgrove, Jeffrey Holcomb and Alan Seagrave to create a phony manpower study.
Both Burnett and Casper go sliding across the wet floor and into a stall, both reaching for the gun.
Maybe I ain't much else, but I'm sure a worrier.
It don't have the muzzle velocity of some other drinks drunk around here, but it's good for what ails you.
You'd like me to die quickly, without wasting too much of your time. or silently, without making you feel too uncomfortable. or thankfully, without making your memories of the occasion too unpleasant. My memories are so pleasant as it is.
Am I right or wrong? You're not only wrong, you're wrong at the top of your voice. You don't like my voice?
Suppose I decide to try? That would be dangerous. You got the body of a hippo, Tim, but the brain of a rabbit. Don't overtax it.
Now, it is a good Santa's job to smile as well, I know with the big white beard your smile will be partially hidden, so you must learn to smile with your eyes.
N/A
You fuckin'spic!
At least lem me take off the hat! I got a thing for Santa Claus, I don't know, I guess it's from early childhood.
Fuck you!
There.
I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santa Claus. Prove it.
.Thank you for giving that letter to the cops. I forgot I asked you to do it but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass. And now the cops know I wrote it, which is gon na keep my ass out of jail. That, plus everyone agreeing that the Phoenix police department shooting an unarmed Santa was even more fucked-up than Rodney King. The cops are treating me like fucking royalty now which is new in my experience. They are gon na make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department. Whatever. .As for my little helper, I am sorry to have to tell you that him and his prune-faced mail-order-wife are gon na be exploring mountains with your dad. I hope your dad doesn't go sucking shit from them like I did. Meanwhile, I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your Dad gets back in one year and three months. They made her a Guardian Pro-Temp or some such shit. anyway, she makes better money than bartending and seems to like you and your house and Jacuzzi.
You shat me out your, You said that last night you stupid fuck! Ah, shit! Fuck you! You are by far the dumbest most pathetic piece of maggot-eaten shit that has ever slid from God's gilded ass! What if the kid has one of those fucking play-dates they have now? You shittin'me?!
Yeah, whateverthefuck.
Well, I'll be dipped in dogshit!.
No, but it looks like you broke most of his ribs.
Lem me look at it. What the fuck happened? .I cut myself by mistake.
I was against the Clinton impeachment. What a man does with his penis, Oval Office, Women's Big & Tall, it's not for the American people to say.
I'm not your fuckin'dada. Uh-huh
Up your ass!
Nintendo
It's blood from when I cut my hand when I was making it for you.
It's blood from when I cut my hand when I was making it for you.
Warm milk?
Oh, you lousy fucking motherfuck. That's just the kinda shit that's gon na get us pinched! She said she was eighteen.
So I'm out on my fuckin'ass.
I run out of things to say.
Sometimes he acts like there's something wrong with his bean. Hope nothing ever goes wrong with mine.
Suppose I shot you.
I forgot I asked you to do it but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass. And now the cops know I wrote it, which is gon na keep my ass out of jail. That, plus everyone agreeing that the Phoenix police department shooting an unarmed Santa was even more fucked-up than Rodney King. The cops are treating me like fucking royalty now which is new in my experience. They are gon na make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department. Whatever. As for my little helper, I am sorry to have to tell you that him and his prune-faced mail-order-wife are gon na be exploring mountains with your dad. I hope your dad doesn't go sucking shit from them like I did. Meanwhile, I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your Dad gets back in one year and three months. They made her a Guardian Pro-Temp or some such shit. anyway, she makes better money than bartending and seems to like you and your house and Jacuzzi.
You don't believe me, see for yourself.
No one has ever tried making that work on TV.
Make Best an apology, and be off. A man of honor dies, but never apologizes.
Roderick, my darling, my wild boy, I have forebodings that our separation is to be a long one. I spent most of all night consulting the cards regarding your fate in the duel, and all signs betoke a separation. Here is twenty guineas, all that I have in the world, and I want you to keep your father's sword and pistols, which you have known to use so like a man. She hurried my departure now, though her heart, I know, was full, and almost in half-an-hour from my arrival at home, I was once more on the road again, with the wide world, as it were, before me. No lad of seventeen is very sad who has liberty for the first time, and twenty guineas in his pocket; and I rode away, thinking, I confess, not so much of the kind of mother left alone, and of the home behind me, as of tomorrow, and all the wonders it would bring. I had no doubts of the future; thinking that a man of my person, parts, and courage, could make his way anywhere. So I rode on, singing to myself, or chatting with the passersby; and all the girls along the road said,'God save me, for a clever gentleman.'
Suppose, now, Roderick, you, who are such a hero, was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side.
It's when I can't write, can't escapem'self, that I want to tearm'head off and run screamin'down the street withm'balls in a fruitpickers pail.
So I help people out. I just wish someone would do as much for me. .Jesus it's hot. Sometimes it gets so hot, I wan na crawl right out of my skin.
Well, my pleasure.
Ted Okum doesn't know shit. They've assigned me enough pictures for a goddamn year.
No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man to help somehow to ease his suffering. Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it. Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn'things up. Yessir. Escape. It's when I can't write, can't escapem'self, that I want to tearm'head off and run screamin'down the street withm'balls in a fruitpickers pail.
, I'd invite you over to my place, but it's a goddamn mess.
And
.Mistuh Fink, they have not invented a genre of picture that Bill Mayhew has not, at one time or othuh, been invited to essay. I have taken my stabs at the wrastlin'form, as I have stabbed at so many others, and with as little success. I gather that you are a fresh-man here, eager for an upperclassman's council. However, just at the moment. .I have drinkin'to do. Why don't you stop at my bungalow, which is numbah fifteen, later on this afternoon. and we will discuss wrastlin'scenarios and other thingslit'rary.
You two have some sick sex thing? Sex?!
That son of a bitch.
You two have some sick sex thing? Sex?!
My folks live in Brooklyn, with my uncle.
Yeah?.
Habeas Corpus - you have to have a body to have a crime.
Second- I've never taken a bribe in my life.
I know enough to know you got two choices - you can sign a confession, in which case you'll probably spend the rest of your life in a military prison, or you can tell us to fuck off, in which case you'll probably get the gas chamber.
Goddamn writers, all they do is use up trees and ruin people's eyes.
It's the only time I've been with a woman.
Goodbye
'
I don't know anything that isn't police business.
If you don't leave her alone, I'll kill you.
You like to watch, do you? She likes me to watch.
You look fucking beautiful, beautiful.
Miss Vale, this just arrived for you. Okay, boys, let's broaden our minds. I think it's safe to take that off.
Well, that's the gag, folks, you never know. Chances are. you've bought'em already!.
Not
Not
.Nygmatech brings the joy 3-D entertainment into your own home. Ladies and gentlemen. Let me tell you my vision for the future.'The Box'in every home in America. And one day, the world.
I have some rather distressing news about Master Dick.
Nap time gorgeous.
Batman
Wet hands and post-coital depression.
This is your brain on the box. This is your brain on their brain. This is my brain on your brain on their brain. Does anybody else feel like a fried egg?
You know, I simply love what you've done with this place.
Killing Two-Face won't take the pain away. It'll make it worse.
The
A darling couple.
Remember me?
Let me guess. Trust-fund goody-goody?
I know < u > you're < /u > not having a swell time, but lem me tellya: Taking control of your vehicle, mowing down decent people, and laying the bad vibes squarely on you. makes the hairs in my nose tingle.
Damn
'
Forgives Parents.'
'The
The Penguin- Man of the sewers.
I, ah. never fool around on the first date.
You make it so easy, don't you, you pretty, pathetic young thing? Always waiting for some Bat < u > man < /u > to save you.'
Why is there always someone who brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech!?
I mistook me for somebody else.
<
You stupid corn dog.
The Penguin- Man of the sewers.
I know < u > you're < /u > not having a swell time, but lem me tellya: Taking control of your vehicle, mowing down decent people, and laying the bad vibes squarely on you. makes the hairs in my nose tingle.
Like someone jammed our signal.
I'm sure, once you get to know them, I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you with a minimum of fuss.
No, that's be me and me.
I mean, it's not like you can just kill me.
I know < u > you're < /u > not having a swell time, but lem me tellya: Taking control of your vehicle, mowing down decent people, and laying the bad vibes squarely on you. makes the hairs in my nose tingle.
Mr.
Before I kill you, I let you hit me. Hit me.
Groping people.
My nose could be gushing blood.
We're gon na cut one of these things open. See if we can figure out what makes'em tick.
N/A
Nearby
Well, they're kind of busy but it doesn't look like.
Oh Jesus.
Authorities are calling this the worst highway disaster in the nation's history. Behind me, over 400 vehicles lay wrecked or stuck. No one knows what caused it, but police have not ruled out the possibility of terrorists.
Get going.
Huh huh huh.
Whoa, this rules!
Boy, it sure is hard to score. Huh huh huh.
Whoa, this rules!
That's amazing! Heh heh heh. I can't wait forever.
Whoa, this rules!
Mr. President, the bombers are scrambled.
Bork, can you imagine what would happen if they set that thing off in our nation's capital, or even worse, if they sold it to some damned foreigner at that conference.
Well I just wanted to tell you what I saw.
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people to death?
I thought you were my friends.
I wonder < u > where < /u > we are going to get counseling for you out here.
Have some brandy.
These people don't know the value of their property! Then we own a whole < u > town < /u > full of nowhere.
I'm getting anxious if you know what I mean. Six hundred years and all.
Is this what happens when you die? This is what happens when < u > YOU < /u > die. That is what happens when < u > HE < /u > dies. That is what happens when < u > THEY < /u > die.
N/A
I would too know what to do with you.
Now you have me in a cage with a monkey and a gun to my head. Things change.
Better than your wildest dreams.
Well, you know, maybe something else until this whole puppet thing turns around.
'
No I don't suppose you would.
Malkovich
Inc. Be all that someone else can be. I have to see you. Sweetie
My God. Only to John, sweetie.
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me.
What if she's some sort of witch or something? All the better.
Now that's hot. She's using you to channel some dead lesbian lover. Let me know when you're done with her. This is my type of chick.
Some plants do well in the sun, and others grow better in the cool of the shade. It is the gardener's responsibility to take water from the flooded area and run it to the area that is dry. It is the gardener's responsibility not to plant a sun-loving flower in the shade of a high wall. Gobbledegook! All the time he talked gobbledegook! An'it's for sure a White man's world in America, hell, I raised that boy since he was the size of a pissant an'I'll say right now he never learned to read an'write - no sir! Had no brains at all, was stuffed with rice puddin'between the ears! Shortchanged by the Lord and dumb as a jackass an'look at him now! Yes, sir - all you got ta be is white in America an'you get whatever you want! Just listen to that boy - gobbledegook!.
That is a very small room.
Thomas Franklin told me that I had to leave the Old Man's house, he's dead now, you know. Dead, my ass!
I'm not here to tell you all to clean up your lives and sin no more.I'm not here to tell you we're the blessed meek and are glorybound! .I'm here to tell you that the only grace we can have, is the grace we can imagine.And if you can not see it, then you shall not have it.God lead you home. So now,lay'em down, child. Sword and shield.Don't study war no more. Lay all that mess down. Sword and shield.Lay'em down.sword and shield.
I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?!
There could have been a way.
We met.
I've got ta be home by ten.
I told you, it's not a video game.
Don't forget to call me after supper.
When she's leaned over, you can see right down her shirt.
So I spent the better part of three years confined to my bed, with the World Book Encyclopedia being my only means of exploration. I had made it all the way to the'G's,'hoping to find an answer to my gigantificationism, when I uncovered an article about the common goldfish.
Wasn't three weeks later that the crow came back to me in a dream and said,'Your Grampa is going to die.
I guess I'm saying, I'd like to know.
I tell stories. You tell lies, Dad. You tell amusing lies. Stories are what you tell a five-year old at bedtime. They're not elaborate mythologies you maintain when your son is ten and fifteen and twenty and thirty. And the thing is, I believed you. I believed your stories so much longer than I should have. And then when I realized that everything you said was impossible, everything!, I felt like such a fool to have trusted you.
That poor boy. Fate has a cruel way of circling around on you. After all this work to leave Ashton, the girl I loved was now engaged to one of its biggest jerks. There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny? But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new. You remember why you loved it in the first place.
I'm going to find that girl and marry her and spend the rest of my life with her. I don't have a job, but I would have a job if you gave me one.
I will never marry you.
That's what she does, she makes soap out of people.Ma'am, my name is Edward Bloom, and there's some folks'd like to see your eye.
Football hero Edward leads his team to victory. On the sidelines, a PRETTY GIRL admits the name of her secret love: Edward Bloom! A lawnmower ROARS along the grass.
And I met mine. Almost. They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops. And that's true. What they don't tell you, is that once time starts again, it moves extra fast to catch up.
After all, no man can avoid reaching the end of his life. And then I realized, this wasn't the end of my life. This isn't how I die.
I know better than to argue romance with a French woman.
That poor boy. Fate has a cruel way of circling around on you. After all this work to leave Ashton, the girl I loved was now engaged to one of its biggest jerks. There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
In her letters and Christmas cards, my mother would write for both of them.
You never know who you're going to offend. Josephine actually went to the Congo last year.
There comes a point where a reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit he's made a terrible mistake. The truth is, I was never a reasonable man. And what I recalled of Sunday School was that the more difficult something became, the more rewarding it was in the end.
That poor boy. Fate has a cruel way of circling around on you. After all this work to leave Ashton, the girl I loved was now engaged to one of its biggest jerks. There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
Jesus
So he was a giant but my grampa was going to fight him because he wasn't afraid of anything because he'd seen how he was going to die in this old lady's glass eye. That was my father's final joke I guess. A man tells his stories so many times he becomes the stories.
I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.
And we have to take Glenville to avoid all the church traffic, because those damn church people drive too slow.
He just fell asleep.
Hold the dog away from kittens.
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny? But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new.
I like music too! Over the months, I learned a lot about the woman I was going to marry, but not her name, and not where to find her.
Morning
Hey. You wasn'tat'cha work but that nosey gal up at the counter give me your home address.
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator? You treat folks special when they company.
You wan na give me'nother bath?
Nothin'. YOU
And I aim to cure ya of your wickedness.
There's a war going on out there. Blade, myself, a few others, we've tried to keep it from spilling over onto the streets. Sometimes people like yourself get caught in the cross-fire.
Whatever secrets they hold have been lost.
You're building up a resistance to the serum, Just do it, old man.
You're building up a resistance to the serum, Just do it, old man.
Whistler makes the weapons, I use them, the vampires die, end of story. My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
N/A
Vampires I fucking hate vampires.
Is the enemy of my enemy my friend or my enemy?
Nobody goes cold Turkey from the Thirst in a night.
Son of a bitch.
if I talk? I kinda get nervous when I take tests.
Don't worry, I'm not here to make you join, that's not my department.
When was the last time you cleaned this place?
It's time to die.
This is how we do it up there, lad! Come on! Not hurt, are you? You better get it up or I'm going to have to kill you. Unless you're alive you can't play. And if you don't play, you don't get to be alive.
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical. I think, therefore I am.
You go get your laser gun now.
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical. I think, therefore I am.
You look terrible, you know that? I knew a cop once who was involved in a high-speed chase. They shot out one of his tires and he went over a cliff at hundred and fifty miles an hour. They found him in the morning with a broken skull, six fractured ribs and second- degree burns.
Probably something more like a snake, with thousands of tiny bones in the place of a normal array.
Eventually Abigail found me. Sommerfield here managed to treat me with a cure.
And I've got a question for you in return.
We're practically home free! We can't go hunting for your fucking butter-knife now!
Eventually Abigail found me. Sommerfield here managed to treat me with a cure.
Eventually Abigail found me. Sommerfield here managed to treat me with a cure.
Then allow me to accommodate you.
There's an old saying Kill one man, you're a murderer. Kill a million, a king.
And I've got a question for you in return.
When I try to I. Abby. .The truth is. he was alive when I buried him.
Like to have seen his face when he found the dead end.
And remember, gentlemen, we're always here, two to two, A.M. to P.M. three hundred and sixty-four days and Christmas, God willing and the creek don't rise. He's in the house.
Whenever Adam gives me such obviously incorrect information, I just smile, slap him on the knee, and look out the window. Why spoil his dreams? They're such wonderful dreams. The world is full of complainers. But the fact is, nothing comes with a guarantee. I don't care if you're the Pope of Rome, President of the United States, or even Man of the Year something can always go wrong. And go ahead, complain, tell your problems to your neighbor, ask for help watch him fly. Now in Russia, they got it mapped out so that everyone pulls for everyone else that's the theory, anyway.
Want a drink?
Those things are nothing but coffin nails.
Well, gim me a call whenever you wan na cut off my head.
Marty
'Cause for the next five weeks you can not wipe your own goddamn ass.'
Because I got caught.
, I'm in for life.
I don't know him.
Everything I loved in my life goes away.
N/A
N/A
N/A
Yeah I guess so. You're a neat girl.
Shit
Look
Hey pretty pretty.
What do you want from me?
Once you get a love letter from me, you're fucked forever.
I do, I do.
N/A
You like to walk.
There are some men, once they get a whiff of it, they'll trail you like a hound. I'm not that eager. What is your name, anyway?
Mr. Racine. Next time you come into my courtroom I hope you've got either a better defense or a better class of client.
Because
There's nothing to tell. I lead a lonely life.
I don't like my body much. It's never been right. Sometimes, I don't know. I get so sick of everything, I'm not sure I care anymore. Do you know what I mean, Ned? I know that sometimes the shit comes down SO heavy I feel like I should wear a hat.
I'm dropping the case.
Some immediate impression. A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will. And the things that went on in that house. Such wild sex.
Maybe there's some glory in saving a president or something, but just anyone.
You probably never had a heavy night in your whole, goddamn disciplined life.
The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives. Call me when she's ready to go down.
The rubber-gloved hands are glueing the word'TIME'onto a message that is taking the classic form of a ransom note. Each word has been cut from a different page and is in a different typeface.
Well, go find his lazy ass.
Well, go find his lazy ass.
I want my life back. Can you swing that, my brother? You know I can't. Then fuck it! Dog eat dog, brother. Dog eat dog.
Maybe once upon a time.
Where are all the white people?
Sherman
I'll see you gentlemen later.
Don't you think I'm the one who should make the decision?
.You went to school, of course, but you didn't take to it much'cause you was a lot smarter than everybody else anyway.
Clarence
Nothin'.
You better take me home, now.
Besides I coulda got snake bit sleepin'in them woods every night! I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth.
Folks'd just never guess you don't have a thing to sell.
Clyde Barrow, just the same as your brother, an ignorant uneducated hillbilly. Only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about lovemakin'which is no love makin'at all.
Give me a loaf of bread, a dozen eggs and a quart of milk. This is a stickup.
And the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over'em, and you don't like it.And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go.but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not.and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this?
Johnny Doe is drying off.
You're a seventeen year old piece of gold.
I'd appreciate it if you didn't go around telling people lies about me.
You're right.
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices. All part of the business. All part of the business.
Stupid cunt!
I had this image of you, inside of me, like a part of me.
When you get tired of Cagney and Lacey, come find me.
Does Johnnie hit on you? Johnnie hits on anything in high heels.
Shit
maybe three hours.
Like a part of me.
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
A magistrate wished to capture him, and found he had a secret lover, so he cut the girl's throat to tempt Wallace to fight, and fight he did. Knowing his passion for his lost love, they next plotted to take him by desecrating the graves of his father and brother and setting an ambush at the grave of his wife. He fought his way through the trap and carried her body to a secret place!
His head was set on London bridge, where passerby were invited to jeer at the man who had caused so much fear in England. His arms and legs were sent to the four corners of Britain as warning. It did not have the effect that Longshanks planned. And I, Robert the Bruce, backed by a body of Scottish veterans, rode out to pay homage to the armies of the English king, and accept his endorsement of my crown. I hope you washed your ass this mornin, it's never been kissed by a king before. Come, let's get it over with.
Your Highness! I will see the prisoner. We've orders from the king The king will be dead in a month! And his son is a weakling! Who do you think will rule this kingdom?
If I came under the sword of this murderer, I would end up like my nephew. And not you, the sight of my faggot son would only encourage an enemy to take over this country.
Your Daddy and I, we saw our own father buried like this, dead from fighting the English. First learn to use this.
Wish I could see the noble lord's face when he tells him.
From his king? Absolutely. Here are Scotland's terms. Lower your flags and march straight to England, stopping at every Scottish home you pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that, and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.
For you.
They fought like warrior poets. They fought like Scotsmen. And won their freedom.
The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight, it's drawn the finest people.
If I can live in peace, I will. If you can keep your intention to stay out of the troubles, you may court my daughter.
A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues.
If I swear to him, then everything I am is dead already. Your people are lucky to have a princess so kind that she can grieve at the death of a stranger. You will die! It will be awful! Every man dies. Not every man really lives. Drink this! It will dull your pain. It will numb my wits, and I must have them all. If I'm senseless, or if I wail, then Longshanks will have broken me. I can't bear the thought of your torture.
To you that word is as unfamiliar as love. Before he lost his powers of speech, he told me his one comfort was that he would live to know Wallace was dead. You see? Death comes to us all. And it comes to William Wallace. But before death comes to you, know this: your blood dies with you. A child who is not of your line grows in my belly. Your son will not sit long on the throne. I swear it. We will use it all before this is over. Or fall to your knees now, declare yourself the king's loyal subject, and beg his mercy, and you shall have it.
I saw it.
From his king? Absolutely. Here are Scotland's terms. Lower your flags and march straight to England, stopping at every Scottish home you pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that, and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.
There is a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide the people with freedom. And I go to make sure they have it.
Our people know you. Noble and common, they respect you. If you would lead them toward freedom, they would follow you. And so would Message from your cousin, the Prince.
And this is my receipt for your receipt.
There must be some mistake.
You can't just go and leave it like this!
If these people would just play the game, instead of standing on the touch line heckling - In fact, killing people - - In fact, killing people - they'd get a lot more out of life.
If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
I fixed it myself.
I don't, know.
People want value for money and a cost-effective service.
Can you believe it?!
, I think I ought to tell you. I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
Jack Lint is a lesson to you - he never had your brains but he's got the ambition.
, Lowry, you're a good man in a tight corner.
There must be some mistake.
Jill Layton is dead. Care for a bit of necrophilia?
Be back.
If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
Computers are my forte.
Sam
?
He's a pot skulled reef worm with more hop in his head than blood.
Don't be mean.
You better be sure you wan na know whatcha wan na know.
I've got all five senses and I slept last night, that puts me six up on the lot of you.
Like I said, he asked for my lunch money first. Good thing I brown bagged it.
No. And no more of these informal chats - if you've got a discipline issue with me write me up or suspend me and I'll see you at the parent conference.
And I know enough about Kara to let that worry me.
Chuck
Yes I am.
That's a hell of a thing to spring on a guy.
Loud music plays from the car,'Sweet Baby James'by James Taylor.1 Alright.
It's pretty well-known in the jewelry world.
The biggest problem with not driving is that whenever there's a patient in back you're also in the back. The doors close, you're trapped. Four in the morning is always the worst time for me, just before dawn, just when you've been lulled into thinking it might be safe to close your eyes for one minute.
El Toro de Oro.
I have tried to kill him and he will not die.
Saving someone's life is like falling in love, the best drug in the world. For days, sometimes weeks afterwards, you walk the street making infinite whatever you see. Once, for weeks I couldn't feel the earth.
You died, you stupid bastard.
You're in luck, X: your patient awaits you with bleeding wrists on Avenue C and Fourth.
With all the poor people of this city who wanted only to live and were viciously murdered, you have the nerve to sit here waiting to die and not go through with it. You make me sick.
One-Three Zebra. You're going out of service in two seconds. Look, Frank, when I say don't answer it, that means answer it. You can do that for me at least.
You're in luck, X: your patient awaits you with bleeding wrists on Avenue C and Fourth.
You look like you aged ten years since I rode with you last. The ghosts You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy? I think the worst is over. It can always get worse. You can't change what's out there, only where you're coming from. You got to let the Lord take over, in here.
Zebra, answer the radio.
I have tried to kill him and he will not die.
Like something's wrong with your bones, like your organs are shifting inside your body.
I feel like I'm slipping but do people who are actually slipping feel that way or is it always the really good people who are moving up who invariably think they're slipping because their standards are so high? This conversation is not worthy of you. I'd give anything if that were true. Good night. Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If needy were a turn-on? Call if you get weird.
It was unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up, and that might not have been my choice.but it's real and it got me.and I think a lot of the time I'm too conservative about that kind of stuff.
They're giving me less and less air time.
God help me.
'
I've never fought for anyone before.
And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this.I grant you everything but give me this.he does personify everything you've been fighting against.And I'm in love with you. How do you like that? I buried the lead.
Yeah, I know, I went back and forth on it.
Someone finds me some big towels.
Listen Gaddafi doesn't foam at the mouth or anything. When you speak to him he's not at all nuts.
If anything happens to me tell every woman I've ever dated I was talking about them at the end.
We can cut back at the end.
I know they say those eggs can't be cracked, but if your geigers pick up more rads than you'd get off a toaster, I want you out of there.
I don't know what the big deal is. Eighteen seconds left.
and Deakins are royalty.
B-e-a-utifull
Alright, cut the feed! Cut to black if you have to.
By
Also in the room: Bruce's fellow field reporter and rival EVAN BAXTER, 30's, a walking statement.
See you've got to remember that the news room is like a cookie. That's great Evan.
Am I? You can't expect to kneel down in the middle of a highway and live to talk about it.
Never corner yourself like that. If they'd come at you in force you'd be dead now. One vampire is a lot easier to kill then ten.
You're like, this greasy bum, and I have to go to the graveyard with you'cause I'm chosen, and there's vampires.
What a homeless.
You're acting like The Thing From Another Tax-Bracket; it's too weird.
There's got ta be a back way out of here, or something.
It's a fish.
Yeah, I felt'em a little, but I ain't due for two weeks since you're so excited about the subject.
Listen to you.
I'm babbling.
I know it hurts the first time. So they found Cassandra's body out by the railway tunnels. Nobody's saying anything, but they think she was involved in something, like, illegal or something. Like dealing.
My Triple A contract gets bought out so I can hold the Flavor o'the Month's dick in the bus leagues?!
Throw that weak ass shit. Now he's got ta try to slip the cheese by me.
You're showing up my pitcher, bush, get your ass in gear!
'
Your shower shoes have fungus on'em. You'll never get to the Bigs with fungus on your shower shoes. Think classy and you'll be classy. If you win 20 in the Show you can let the fungus grow back on your shower shoes and the press'll think you're colorful. Until you win twenty in the Show, however, it means you're a slob.
Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging, in the Show they woulda ripped you. Can't you let me enjoy the moment?
You got ta play this game with fear and arrogance.
The minimal amount of oxygen in the coffin makes it hard for him to breathe. His eyes widen a bit upon seeing an exposed, rusty nail. He tries desperately to use the nail to cut through the old, frayed ropes that bind his hands. Doing so is no easy task. The incredibly tight quarters makes his every action nearly impossible. After a lengthy struggle, the rope snaps.
N/A
I was in the Show for 21 days, once. It was the greatest 21 days of my life. You never touch your luggage in the show, somebody else handles your bags. It's great. The ballparks are like cathedrals, the hotels all have room service, the women have long legs and brains, it's a smorgasbord.
Paul Conroy.
I found a way to change the display language.
Well, you're too good to be singing here. I just got into the show and suddenly I'm too good for it?
If I'm not 20 times better than boobs-for-brains over there, you don't have to pay me.
They finally had it with the flaky keyboardist.
Palmer
Bid every care withdraw.
I know these documents are sensitive.
You go, I'm not that person.
'Dry land is not a myth, I've seen it.'
Sometimes I'll sit here and imagine that there are billions of bits of information surging through me. I've watched a lot of TV in my life. I guess I've always taken it for granted.
May I get you something from the bar keep? Dost thou have a mug of ale for me and me mate? He has been pitched in battle for a fortnight an has a King's thirst for the beer thust thou might have for thust.
Should I call the doctor?
Free cable is the ultimate aphrodisiac. I don't want you messing around with my life. You've caused enough trouble as it is. I know. I felt bad about the other night, so I wanted to make it up to you.
'Dry land is not a myth, I've seen it.'
I am a smotherer. I'm just like him.
All the complicated splendor that is woman.
If we don't battle to the death, they'll kill us both. Good-bye
If I leave here without understanding you, the world will always see you as a monster.
My Aunts. That's when I met Nelle, she lived next door.
Nothing terrible ever happened to him before.'
If I leave here without understanding you, the world will always see you as a monster.
'
Victor Laszlo published the foulest lies in the Prague newspapers until the very day we marched in, and even after that he continued to print scandal sheets in a cellar.
?
I don't want them around this afternoon.
Henri wants us to finish this bottle and then three more.
Vive
This time I know our side will win.
What I said is none of your business! I will make it my business!
We are going to make an arrest in your cafe.
When it comes to women, you're a true democrat. If he gets a word in it'll be a major Italian victory.
I was just telling Monsieur Laszlo that, unfortunately, I am not able to help him. Oh. You see, my dear, the word has gone around. As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
I thought I would never see you again, that you were out of my life.
Before I ever ran a casino or got myself blown up, Ace Rothstein was a hell of a handicapper, I can tell you that. I was so good, that whenever I bet, I could change the odds for every bookmaker in the country. I'm serious. I had it down so cold that I was given paradise on earth. I was given one of the biggest casinos in Las Vegas to run, the Tangiers. by the only kind of guys that can actually get you that kind of money: sixty-two million, seven-hundred thousand dollars.
If those days meant anything at all to you I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.
If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know. Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.
I'm sure in a little while # NAME?
Well, Rick, you're not only a sentimentalist, but you've become a patriot.
Well, stop it.
Oh, we Germans must get used to all climates, from Russia to the Sahara. But perhaps you were not referring to the weather.
Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
See, when something like this happens, you know how things are gon na work out.
Sue me, you Jew fuck! Let's get out of here.
You don't want to ruin your looks. I've seen a lot of girls get shot to hell from this stuff. jacket, then holding his face in her hands, Come on, now, I don't want to see you unhappy.
The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse.
No balls, you got no fuckin'balls.
If you had any fuckin'heart at all, you'd be out fuckin'stealin'for a livin'. Hit me again.
When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?!
Everybody out here with cowboy boots is a fuckin'county commissioner or related to a county commissioner.
You better hope he gives me a fuckin'name soon, or I'm gon na give him yours, Frank.
Yeah, I would mind. I'm havin'a bad night.
You know, Ace could be a very touchy guy, especially when he got bigger and bigger in town. Like when he hired that Jonathon and David and their tigers away from the Palace by buildin'them a new stage and then givin'them a silver Rolls Royce.
When I married Ginger I knew all the stories, but I didn't give a fuck.'
Meeting in the middle of the desert always made me nervous.
Just look right at the camera.
They were always very careful. And they always bypassed the alarms, or else. if not, they'd drill enough holes to knock through the walls with a sledgehammer.
No wonder the drop is off.
Why don't I take him over to the office and verify it, huh?
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing. .and keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose. In the end, we get it all.
N/A
That suitcase was all the bosses ever wanted.and they wanted it every month.
Before I ever ran a casino or got myself blown up, Ace Rothstein was a hell of a handicapper, I can tell you that. I was so good, that whenever I bet, I could change the odds for every bookmaker in the country. I'm serious. I had it down so cold that I was given paradise on earth. I was given one of the biggest casinos in Las Vegas to run, the Tangiers. by the only kind of guys that can actually get you that kind of money: sixty-two million, seven-hundred thousand dollars. I don't know all the details.
He knows all those guys he yelled at are friends of ours.
Yeah, I said I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino, it's my ass. It's not yours, it's my ass. Oh, I don't know whether you know this or not, but you only have your fuckin'casino because I made that possible! I'm what counts out here! Not your fuckin'country clubs or your fuckin'TV shows! And what the fuck are you doin'on TV anyhow?!
N/A
Yeah, we made a great pair.
So, they send me.
You mind accompanying us outside? Bullshit, I ain't goin'anywhere with you!
Huh?!
Meanwhile, I'm the guy in the trenches. Fuckin'bosses, they think it's a fuckin'free lunch out here.
The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse.
Somebody don't like it, fuck him. It's up to you. They want a fuckin'war, I'm ready. I know one thing.
Hey, you fat Irish prick. You put my fuckin'money to sleep. You go get my money, or I'll put your fuckin'brain to sleep.
N/A
Yeah, but they're complaining.
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone. Bullshit or no bullshit, they put you in that book, you're gon na be in a lot of trouble. You will not be able to walk into the casino. I'm tellin'you. What am I doin'out here? I'm tryin'to make a livin', that's all.
N/A
Otherwise they're gon na make a fool out of you. They're not gon na make a fool out of me. I write it all down in this book, every fuckin'nickel that goes down. Right here, receipts.
Huh?!
I'm not only legitimate, but running a casino. And that's like selling dreams for cash.
You're gon na stand here and tell me that?
If you had any fuckin'heart at all, you'd be out fuckin'stealin'for a livin'. Hit me again.
Yeah, right, I'm sure.
Muscle
Don't play that thing, kid.
Debbie
Debbie
Buy me a drink.
You boys, thought you could just barge, in here and take, all these beautiful things, that don't belong to you. What a lovely idea.
So get a bird or a fish, something that doesn't shed.
What's your kid's name?
The first one he gets lucky with, but the second NAILS HIM before bouncing furiously away and Ryan loses his grip completely and slides out of control. GREER watches amazed when Ryan actually tumbles out of the ass-end of the metal chute into the dumpster.
Tell them they have the wrong family. Tell them they've made a mistake What?!
Covers the mouthpiece.
Six days, Mrs. Collins, and no progress. We may have to go to more.strenuous therapies.
It's raining cats, dogs and democrats out there, so this better be worth it.
The Los Angeles Police Department made a mistake.a terrible mistake. The boy they found is not my son. That is the reason for the supposed'transformation.'I have letters from his dentist, his teachers and others confirming that this boy is not my son. The letters are being reprinted now, and I should have them for you tomorrow. I have given the police department every opportunity to admit their mistake and renew the search for my son.
I've been giving that a great deal of thought ever since I got out of that.place.
We can take it from here.
Just because you are a cop, doesn't mean laws don't apply to you.
I got ta bike myself.
Haven't you got a bullet I can bite?
By burying it, and then reporting that the Germans had captured it. All they had to do was come back after the war, dig it up and split it five ways, a quarter of a million dollars with no questions asked.
There's nothing more we can do tonight.
I don't know.
Because I don't love him.
There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
You bitch!
Ah, c-5. The most dangerous explosive material ever invented. Hard to believe that this little contraption could blow up ten city blocks. Be careful with it, huh? Another movie from an old TV show?
I can even handle super-villainy.
Why do they always run?
I take it that's not good.
Do I detect a little inter-subculture cattiness? Gay or straight - ugly's still ugly. And most of those boys are scary. I thought fags were all supposed to be super-supportive of one another. Screw that'all for one'shit.
.And then Black Beauty couldn't take it any longer, and he finally did some of his own mounting.
Never take your eye off the Man. Our people took their eyes off him one time, and he had us in chains in two shakes of his snake's tail. Fight the power, little'G'. Word is bond Look at what I have to resort to for professional respect.
N/A
Lower your voice.
I wish you the best of luck with your book.
Your dyke courting ass just got me scored on! You know, you should watch that. If you're going to get all bent out of shape while playing the game, so much so that you need to curse the t.v. try not to gay-bash it, alright. You're nor that kind of guy.
There's no'we'here. You're going to have to go through this alone. And it's one thing to read about shit, and something different when you're forced to deal with it on a regular basis. When you guys are walking in the mall and both your heads turn at a really nice looking chick, it's going to eat you up inside. You'll spend most of your time wondering when the other shoe's going to drop. Because for you, this isn't about cool weird sex stuff, it's about love.
Ah, there ain't no such thing. You got ta boil it all down to the essentials. It's like Cube says - life ain't nothing but bitches and money.
So I'm like I'll give it a shot.
If
I wanted to watch some TV. Hard to do when your best friend's wrapped around a naked rug-muncher on your couch.
And I'm not a man-hater or something. It's just been some time since I've been exposed to a man that didn't immediately live-into a stereotype of some sort.
N/A
Holden - don't even try to come off like you don't know what I'm saying. Men need to believe that they're Marco fucking Polo when it comes to sex - like they're the only ones who've ever explored new territory. And it's hard not to let them believe it. I let my boys run with it for awhile - feed them some of that'I've never done this before.'bullshit, and let'em labor under the delusion that they rockin'my world, until I can't stand them anymore. Then I hit'em with the truth. It's a sick game. The world would be a better place if people would just accept that there's nothing new under the sun, and everything you can do with a person has probably been done long before you got there.
Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world. Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on He's got a point. Archie never did settle on Betty or Veronica. Because he wanted them both at the same time, you assholes! He never chose one because he was trying to get both of them into a three-way! Here. I want you to go down to the corner store and buy yourself a clue.
If this is a crush. then I don't know if I could take the real thing if it ever happens.
Yeah. And apparently, you don't even realize it. What does it matter if I refer to her as a dyke, or if I call the Whalers a bunch of faggots in the privacy of my own office, far from the sensitive ears of the rest of the world? It's passive/aggressive gay-bashing; and I know you're not really prejudiced at heart. You should just find some other way to express your anger, is all I'm saying. What the fuck are you doing! Bear with me here. I just want to put you through this little exercise.
He's having a real problem with this Alyssa thing. I think it's more like Banky's having a problem with all things not hetero right about now.
Somehow I doubt it. Everyone's not out to get someone in life.
Why is it you can never get a decent drink in these places!
That's not love.
Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world. Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on He's got a point. Archie never did settle on Betty or Veronica. Because he wanted them both at the same time, you assholes!
No, he drowned a cousin of mine with about five hundred other people. But they weren't very important, just a bunch of dumb Mexicans living by a dam.
Look, you tell me to take pictures, I take pictures.
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis'girlfriend.
You can't eat the Venetian blinds, Curly.
Perhaps this preoccupation with horseshit may seem a little perverse, but I ask you to remember this. One way or another, it's what I've dealt in all my life.
When I do, you'll hear about it.
Goddam Florsheim shoe, goddammit.
Hollis
You can't eat the Venetian blinds, Curly.
Is that really your idea of how to run a newspaper?
You moiderer! Are you hurt?
Mr. Kane is finishing your piece the way you started it. He's writing a roast like you wanted it to be - - I guess that'll show you.
Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein. He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge.
Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him. You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars. Charles, my time is too valuable for me - On the other hand - I am the publisher of the Enquirer. As such, it is my duty - I'll let you in on a little secret, it is also my pleasure - to see to it that decent, hard-working people of this city are not robbed blind by a group of money - mad pirates because, God help them, they have no one to look after their interests!
If I wasn't, he never had one.
I got nothing but time.
I don't suppose anybody ever had so many opinions. That was because he had the power to express them, and Charlie lived on power and the excitement of using it - But he didn't believe in anything except Charlie Kane. He never had a conviction in his life. I guess he died without one - That must have been pretty unpleasant.
Whatever I do - I do - because I love you. Love! You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you - You - you hit me. You'll never have another chance to hit me again.
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson. Don't you worry about me.
There were a lot of them back in the early days, and - Not some girl he knew casually and then remembered after fifty years, on his death bed - You're pretty young, Mr. - Mr. Thompson. A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me.
You can't always have it your own way, regardless of anything else that may have happened.
The Godfather has more eyes than a pineapple. I was saying to Manooj that if a man bows down too many times, there will come a day when he will no longer be able to stand upright.
I've had girlfriends, but all they wanted from me was weed and shit. Shit, my grandma used to say,'Which is better: a good plate with nothing on it.'
I can't make changes like that in my life.
People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl'Mom.'
I'd like to get paid to sit on my ass and watch TV.
Do you think the average storm trooper knows how to install a toilet main? All they know is killing and white uniforms. All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction? All those innocent contractors hired to do a job were killed- casualties of a war they had nothing to do with. All right, look-you're a roofer, and some juicy government contract comes your way; you got the wife and kids and the two-story in suburbia-this is a government contract, which means all sorts of benefits. All of a sudden these left-wing militants blast you with lasers and wipe out everyone within a three-mile radius.
That's why I kill Chinamen for the railroad.
You ask me who I choose, I choose you.
When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable. She's about to finish college and enter the real world. That's got to be scary for anyone.
Because I'm fucking tired.I just closed last night. Jesus.What time are you going to come in? .Twelve.Be there be twelve? .Swear. Swear you'll be in by twelve and I'll do it.Twelve.Twelve or I walk.
All I'm saying is that if you're unhappy you should leave. I'm not even supposed to be here today! I know. I stopped by your house and your mom said you left at like six or something.
A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go.
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up.
It's a beautiful spot to die.
I'm in the presence of greatness. I want to learn about greatness. Greatness is overrated.
None of this'know ye that a prince and great man has fallen'stuff, My philosophy is simply this, Life is too short to be diplomatic. A man's friends shouldn't mind what he does or says, and those who are not his friends, well, to hell with'em. I was born in a small town in Georgia, of course. my sweet sister Florence still lives there. And I started playing baseball when I was a kid like everybody else only I was better than every- body else.
'Know ye that a prince and a great man has fallen this day.'
It's yours, a gift from me.'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is'- This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written, type it!
Stump bursts in, oblivious to the conversation in progress.
When your big bad brother Luis gets the word, your ass is freeze dried and fried. Talk you hemorrhoid! Your mother fucks dogs in the street. You wan na tune-up?
I could use a cup of coffee.
Dear
Those who follow Lincoln, or preach abolition, best keep one eye open when they're sleeping, Old Bogey Man might get you! Are you the law all of a sudden? That's right, son.
I can embroider, but I can't darn, I can arrange cut flowers, but I can't grow them. If a thing has a function, if I might do something with it, it wasn't considered suitable.
Never met her. We're the same in that regard. He said she was, he told me a thousand stories, she was a wolf or an indian or a donkey. Don't say much for him, except you know he'd be fast to work up a sweat on a tree if he thought there was pleasure in it.
I can embroider, but I can't darn, I can arrange cut flowers, but I can't grow them. If a thing has a function, if I might do something with it, it wasn't considered suitable.
The Federals have been laying siege for months. So early and it's already hot. The trees are an oasis of green in a world of mud between the two stark and ugly scars of the trenches. Don't worry, son.
Lady Swanger says you need some help.
Whether I see them or not, whether a man dies, or a war is won.
Am I going to die?
That kiss, which I've kissed again every day of my walking. Every day of my waiting. Maybe you can't see my face, but if you could see my inside, my whatever you want to name it, my spirit, that's the fear I have deeper than any gash on my neck.
I'm wetter than a fish.
Nobody
There's half the day yet. Let's make a start. My name's Ruby. I know your name. The rake: there's a rooster devil, I'm sure of it.
Your heart.
There's half the day yet. Let's make a start. My name's Ruby. I know your name. The rake: there's a rooster devil, I'm sure of it.
You want to carry a book carry one you can write in, we got our own story.
Never met her. We're the same in that regard. He said she was, he told me a thousand stories, she was a wolf or an indian or a donkey. Don't say much for him, except you know he'd be fast to work up a sweat on a tree if he thought there was pleasure in it. There's cows to milk. Used to be as regular as morning prayers.
Dear
I could be at killing for days sometimes, in the hand to hand, my feet against the feet of my enemy and I always killed him and he never killed me.
It's covered in handwriting.
You shot or something?
That was brilliant.
So what happened to you, man?
If I pull it off, it's gon na get other people killed.
You don't have the trunk space.
My C.I. flew out a window, he's got Felix's handprints on his ass.
Only thing didn't show up was the Polish cavalry. You don't wan na talk, tell me to fuck off. fuck off. blood, bodily fluid and death get to you? Try deep breathing.
Think anybody'll notice? by
I'm just a half mile from here.
Max recoils with a yell, scrambles from the cab, heart pounding.
So what happened to you, man?
Is that blood?
Mr. Pitt! This isn't the way to do things. These guys're only mouthpieces. How's that for collateral damage?
I wanted to write something that someday some lesser person would quote. But I never did. I'm the lesser person, Treesh. I never said anything meaningful that wasn't said by somebody else first. I am disposable. I disposed of people and I am disposable.
I can't kill people. My future is in television. Listen, you're thirty-two years old and you've achieved nothing.
That's the kinda guy I am. I've seen this Dating Game of yours, Chuck.
I am damned to hell. Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1931, my early childhood remains accessible to me only as a series of elliptical, enigmatic memories.
I love you, Mr. Chuck Barris, management trainee. Life was sweet. For a minute.
You're not like the other murderers.
Yeah, Operation Entertainment.
I can't kill people. My future is in television. Listen, you're thirty-two years old and you've achieved nothing.
Why am I washing glasses? Now you're an accomplice in a homicide.
The
Jerry, there's something I have to ask you. Actually about a hundred things, but we can make progress, if you answer one question.
You know, Flip, Vietnam War was fought because of a bet Howard Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis. Sure. And the two of'em used my legs for a wishbone.
That I won't be back for two weeks. I don't know if you're the best lawyer I've got or a high school sophomore.
Do I know you?
Ezekiel Walters. The one who blew up the Citibank Building. None of it ever proven.
Wish I could tell you so it made sense.
Dr. Jonas, there's something else you should see.
More like a curse the way you manage things.
N/A
More like a curse the way you manage things.
John is healed.
You're going to die because you smoked 30 cigarettes a day since you were 15. And you're going to Hell because of the life you took. Or to put it in a way that your kind would understand. You're fucked.
Something more personal.
From this world's Los Angeles to a barren Hell version.
What about her?.
John Constantine, asshole.
'
Mammon's form ripples through her, starts to push out through her skin.
I dunno, maybe a post-spectral starburst or something.
Happy
Happy
I'm hoping your own expertise in decryption algorithms will help us find out, to see if there's another message buried deeper in the signal.
Think about it; the perfect synthesis of career and lifestyle.
I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them.
My coalition's phone lines have been flooded with calls from concerned families, wondering if this message signifies the end of the world or the advent of the rapture. We feel that U.S. policy in this matter wants to be extremely conservative, if there's any chance of danger or threat to our way of life perhaps the message and its contents should simply be disregarded. This is absurd.
Those are numbers, each pulse is a set, break it down 79, 83, 91, they're all primes, no way that's a natural phenomenon,!
No
Grins like a baby and bites like a'gator.
A cold drink?
Sometimes I wisht people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize her pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to bring her pain. She just don't give a damn.
Like I always do?
Look,Cap'n.
Hey, Old Man! You home tonight? If you kin spare a minute, it's about time we had ourselves a little talk. Old Man, I know I'm a pretty evil feller who killed people in the war and got drunk and chopped up municipal merchandise and like that. I admit ain't got no call to ask for much. But even so, you ain't dealt me no cards in a long time. I mean it's beginning to look like you got it fixed so I can't never win out. Inside or out, it's just different bosses and different rules. Where am I supposed to fit in? Old Man, I got to tell you: I started out pretty strong and fast but it's starting to get to me. When does it end?.
Every Saturday you put the clean sheet on the top, the top sheet on the bottom and the bottom sheet you turn in to the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box.
That's gon na remind you of what I been sayin'.
A bull I fell off.
You're just like them.
Don't forget about me, guys.
It's the key, miss, there's only one and the Beldam will find it. Tain't all bad, miss.
Don't remember our names.
N/A
You're the jerk-wad that gave me the doll!
Yeah, I wan na hugga your face! Get a grip, soldier.
The
Don't forget the invitations.
Hello, Coraline.
N/A
Hello, hello, hello!
Well. produce them.
a SWEET GIRL GHOST, Coraline's size; a TALL GIRL GHOST, emotional; a young BOY GHOST, very sad.
They say even the proudest spirit can be broken. with love.
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
I
