Benjamin, is this your first time?
Now I'm sure that Mr. Robinson will be here any minute and - No.
Ben looks down.
But I don't min'tellin'you, the guy they ought to lock up is the guy that sent out them things.
If you don't, turn right around and beat it.
Boy, but I'd hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that!
It don't take no nerve to dosomep'n when there ain't nothin'else you can do.
My pa was born here. We was all born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn bein'born on it, and workin'it, and dyin'on it and not no piece of paper with writin'on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
If it was the law they was workin'with, we could take it.
Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin'to fin'out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again.
For a while I thought we was beat good an'beat. Looked like we didn't have nothin'in the worl'but enemies wasn't nobodyfrien'ly anymore. It made me feel bad an'scared too like we was lost. an'nobody cared. Watch me pass that Chevvy. You the one that keeps us goin', Ma. I ain't no good any more, an'I know it. Seems like I spen'all my time these days a-thinkin'how ituse'ta be thinkin'of home an'I ain't never gon na see it no more. Woman can changebetter'n a man. Man lives in jerks baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk gets a farm, or loses one, an'that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that. Look at that ol'coffeepot steam! Maybe, but we shore takin'a beatin'. I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an'they die, an'their kids ain't no good, an'they die out.
Seems like I spen'all my time these days a-thinkin'how ituse'ta be thinkin'of home an'I ain't never gon na see it no more. Woman can changebetter'n a man. Man lives in jerks baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk gets a farm, or loses one, an'that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that. Look at that ol'coffeepot steam! Maybe, but we shore takin'a beatin'. I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an'they die, an'their kids ain't no good, an'they die out.
You wan na kiss my ass or suck my dick?
I'm gon na squish the little son of a bitch!
You understand.
You see for yourself.
We stopped and you bought me a packet of posies.
They usually call death row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile, because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then. Old Sparky, we called it. I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey, and the two dead girls.
I don't want somebody remembering a stupid joke like that and getting going again. Ever try not laughing in church once something funny gets stuck in your head.
That's how it is ever'day. That's how it is all over the worl'.
If I say no?
I haven't spoken of these things in a long time, Ellie.
You ought to be!
Don't put me in with Wild Bill.
I think about all the people I've loved, now long gone.
John Coffey.you have been condemned to die in the electric chair by a jury of your peers.sentence imposed by a judge in good standing in this state.
I'm sure you had reason, but like it or not, the wife of the governor of this state has only one nephew, and his name happens to be Percy Wetmore.
If I let Harry take those chains off you, you gon na be nice? Your name is John Coffey.
Dean, run Delacroix up to the infirmary and see if his fingers are broken.
Vandalism.
For the life of me, Paul, I can't think how to tell my wife she's going to die.
If you behave, you get to walk in the exercise yard every day.
Thank you,ma'am.
John, come along!
I'm thinking I don't know what I'd do if you were gone.
Well, that's good news.
New things come in here all the time, how do they work? You can ask your Ph.Ds, your highly educated, intelligent, professional people, you can say to them, how does that work, and you know what they'll tell you? You plug it in. And that's the way the donut dunks.
But that's the way I am, you know, the way I've always been. Always picking on poor little Roy. For God's sake, Lilly! I gave you your life twice. I'm asking you to give me mine once. I need the money.
The whole time I was in that house, I felt something was. wrong.
You should get some rest, Emma.
I'm really not sure we can be friends anymore.
Well then.to a night we'll never forget. Shafts of white desert sunlight pour into THE CAMERA follows a LIVE CHICKEN as it walks through the totalled suite. Furniture is broken, the minibar ransacked, and the floor is covered with remnants of the night before: empty beer cans, platefuls of room service food, a cowboy hat, the Gideon Bible, half-eaten skinless mangos, a bra, a battle axe, etc. SNORING on the couch, wearing only his jeans and one shoe, the word ASSHOLE written in Sharpie across his chest, is Stu.
Doug laughs and raises his glass for a toast, heartfelt: Little toast: to Tracy, the coolest, kindest, most beautiful woman I've ever met.
Oh my God it's Watts.
Now I have to write it up.
Some of it might be valuable.
Oh God, we can't get out!
I just got back from a trip in Israel, and all I've got is a fistful of Shekels.
Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos.
I swear to god.
Just because Mordechai's people are different from us.just because they might appear strange to us with their furry hats, their beady eyes, and their long sideburns.not to mention their bizarre customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny sounding names.just because they control all of the worlds'money, yet are too cheap to buy their children anything better than spinning tops for presents, does not mean that we can't learn to respect and love them as our equals.
To ensure on-going quality of service, your death may be monitored for training purposes.
I checked the guide for ways to rescue a prisoner from Vogsphere. It said'Don't.'I'm assuming your plan is better.
If there's anything more important than my ego on this ship, I want it caught and shot now.
Probability factor of one to one.we have normality, I repeat we have normality. Anything you still can't cope with is therefore your own problem.
In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move. Many races believe that it was created by some sort of God, though the Jatravartid people of Viltvodle 6 firmly believe that the entire Universe was in fact sneezed out of the nose of a being called the Great Green Arkleseizure. The Jatravartids, who live in perpetual fear of the time they call'The Coming of Great White Handkerchief'are small blue creatures with more than fifty arms each. who are therefore unique in being the only race in history to have invented the aerosol deodorant before the wheel.
And incidently, you are stupid.
I can't do this without my other arm!
Resistance is useless! The Babelfish is small, yellow, leechlike, and probably the oddest thing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy, absorbing unconscious frequencies and excreting a matrix of conscious frequencies to the speech centres of the brain, the practical upshot of which is that if you stick one in your ear, you instantly understand anything said to you in any language.
They've got a page for people like you.
Vogon poetry is widely accepted as the third worst in the universe. The second worst is that of the Azgoths of Kria. During a recitation by their Poet Master Grunthos the Flatulent of his poem'Ode to a Small Lump of Green Putty I Found in My Armpit One Midsummer Morning,'four of his audience died of internal hemorrhaging, and the President of the Mid- Galactic Arts Nobbling Council survived by gnawing one of his own legs off. Or I shall rend thee In the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheaon, see if I don't! The absolute worst poetry was written by Paula Nancy Millstone Jennings of Sussix.
I'm already a woman.
It may disturb you. It scares the willies out of me.
I'm not getting you down at all am I?
There's plenty more where that came from because my head is filled, with questions, and I can assure you mate, no answer to any of them has ever brought me one iota of happiness.
If there's anything more important than my ego on this ship, I want it caught and shot now.
They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as fire-lighters. The best way to get a drink out of a Vogon is to stick your finger down his throat.
I've been ordered to take you up to the bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge.
Zaphod wouldn't blow up a planet, especially mine.
For once, Aldus, I agree with you.
They've destroyed a planet today, that always makes them a little feisty.
Or your own space ship.
Which is why we need it.
Look, if it's about your house.
Lucy tells me she thinks Gottchalks's plotting, but what else is new.
Oh baby.
Look, I'd like to be alone, so why don't you beat it?
The nurse says it was senior staff, a middle- aged man.
.Ya get it, buddy, it's a pun, it's a knee-slapper, it's a play on Jesus, Joseph and Mary, is that a blue letter?
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on, Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!
I used to think you were a swell guy, well, to be honest I thought you were an imbecile, Now, Aim Shutup!, but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after Now, Aim, Shutup!
We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries!
I understand if ya don't like the Buzz-Sucker!
We need a front page with heart and the whole idea of the'Idea Man'idea can put it there! Chief, if we had more access Yeah, and if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass a-hoppin'!
Happy New Year!
Well, I Oh sure, you're biased, you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this? .I designed it myself and this is just the sweet baby that can put Hudsucker right back on top.
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on, Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!'.Goooooooo Eagles!
Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh.
We need a front page with heart and the whole idea of the'Idea Man'idea can put it there!
I've had a martini in every bar on the way down here, and I'm not about to Martinis are for squares, man.
I bet that's exactly what she tells herself!
Ah keeps the ol'circle turning, this ol'clock needs plenty o'care. Time is money, Miss Archuh, and money, it drives that ol'global economy and keeps big Daddy Earth a-spinnin'on'roun'.
.You're not so slow but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after all!
Live and let live.
I'm gon na beat him, mister. I beat him all night and I'm gon na beat him all day. I'm the best you ever seen, Fats. I'm the best there is. Now even if you beat me, I'm still the best.
I dreamed about this game, fat man.
I don't rattle, kid. But just for that I'm gon na beat you flat.
'We have a contract of depravity. All we have to do is pull the blinds down.'Write yourself another story.
And a twenty- five per cent slice of something big is better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin'.
That's the way you always told me to play it, safe, play the percentage.
All you got ta do is beat me the first game and I'm on my way back to Oakland.
Fats, let's you and I shoot a game of straight pool.
Fats, let's you and I shoot a game of straight pool.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it, molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating. It's not the taxes I object to.
I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course.
Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.
Not a drop!
Who's there?
They are beyond fear.
'' I could get to that point.
Let me think.
I cut it a little roomy for the free movement.
Ah, you'll get over it.
I seem to recall you prefer to `` work alone''.
Leave the saving of the world to the men?
I feel like the maid.'' I just cleaned up this mess.
'' I could get to that point.
Now, we might be able to nab him if we set up a perimeter. You mean he got away?
I can't get this on.
Five days later, another suit was filed by victims of the el train accident. Incredible's court losses cost the government millions. And opened the flood gates for dozens of superhero lawsuits the world over. It is time for their secret identity to become their only identity.
Hey, Snug.
Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
I'll get your son!
You know, I went through quite a few supers to get it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough!
Hey! Every time they run, you take a shot.
'' Lame, lame, lame, lame, lame!
I am always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me!
Oh, good.
'' Simon J. Paladino, longtime advocate of superhero rights, is missing''?
Nothing super about them. Spoiled, stupid, little stick figures with poofy lips who think only about themselves.
The people of this country are indebted to you.
I feel like the maid.'' I just cleaned up this mess.
The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage. Throngs of screaming people! And just when all hope is lost, Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were!
And when I'm old and I've had my fun, I'll sell my inventions so that everyone can be superheroes. Everyone can be super. And when everyone's super.no one will be.
I'll get your son!
If we could take a look, Mr. Wigand.
I'm running out of heroes, man.
Well, fuck you! I'm not sure he got the message.
I'm talking to you!
Love ya'.
Because when I tell someone I'm going to do something, I deliver.
Dr. Wigand would like to leave now.
Don't worry, we call the shots around here.
Larry Tisch has a free press.
You sold me out!
You feel your whole family's future's compromised.held hostage.
Who told you your incompetent little fingers had the requisite skills to edit me!
I decided to preface Sunday's show.
Because that happens to be what Mike and I do for a living.
And, I'm told there are questions as to our'star witness'' veracity. His'veracity'was good enough for the State of Mississippi. Our standards have to be higher than anyone else's, because we are the standard.for everyone else.
Last night I went on a date with a girl I've had a crush on for years who will most likely never call me again and I'm pretty sure I'm going to get fired today.
Laugh at his jokes.
I've been to his grave.
There're no cars on this street.
I was 25 years old the first time I died. I remember there was so much white everywhere.
The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
Good evening, this is the BBC National and World programme, broadcasting from Buckingham Palace. His Majesty, the King. In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas. .this message spoken with the same depth of feeling for each one of you as if I were able to cross your threshold and speak to you myself. For the second time in the lives of most of us we are at war. For we are called, with our allies, to meet the challenge of a principle which, if it were to prevail, would be fatal to any civilized order in the world. It is the principle which permits a State, in the selfish pursuit of power, to disregard its treaties and its solemn pledges; which sanctions the use of force, or threat of force, against the sovereignty and independence of other States. Such a principle, stripped of all disguise, is surely the mere primitive doctrine that might is right, and if this principle were established throughout the world, the freedom of our own country and of the whole British Commonwealth of Nations would be in danger. TKS/Seidler/09/17/08 113. But far more than this - the peoples of the world would be kept in the bondage of fear, and all hopes of settled peace and of the security of justice and liberty among nations would be ended.
If we were equal I wouldn't be here, I'd be at home with my family and no-one would give a damn.
You call this being forthcoming?
There sure as hell is!
I don't like camels.
Saudis, like Americans, don't do manual labor. Blowing leaves is beneath them.
Dog, you in peoples'way.
I been tellin'the ladies about your music and they wan na hear you play.
Okay papa-san, we want that donut money.
I say it one time.
Well you can see the room, but I don't like double-talk. You see, madam, I am currently on sabbatical from the institution where I teach, the University of Mississippi at Hattiesburg. I am taking a year off to indulge my passion, I don't believe that is too strong a word, for the music of the Renaissance.
I don't keep secrets from Mountain.
End of every shift pit boss brings the cash down to the hold of the ship in the locked cash box; once a day all the cash boxes're moved to the counting room. And where is the counting room?
Well, he's uh.
.Gentlemen, this sort of behavior does you no credit in the eyes of your colleagues, or in those of the other patrons of this waffle house! .Nobody talks to Mountain Girl that way. She had an abusive family!
Maybe, and I'm just thinking out loud here, maybe since, as you say, it will present problems later.
Why do you think they call it dope?
Means I'd cut off three of my fingers if God would let me sleep with her.
He looks up at the girl on the billboard.
If you touch me again.
Many men here, their homes are in the path.
That is the truth!
Papa, Papa!
If the worst happens, and only one of us survives, something of the other does, too. If they don't kill you, they may take you north up into Canada. A warrior may take you for a wife.
why the bloody hell he do that to the horses?
I have lived to see two things I never expected. An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage. General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts!
Great Spirit and the Maker of all Life.. a warrior goes to you swift and straight as an arrow shot into the sun. Welcome him and let him take his place at the council fire of my people.
Our council talks since I was a boy: What is the Huron to do? But Magua would lead Huron down paths that make us not Hurons. Dark girl burn in fire to heal the twisted heart of Magua. Munro daughter with moon in her hair must be Magua's wife so Munro's seed doesn't die.
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart.
You have complimented me with your persistence and patience. But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment. And it's been unfair to you, while I search myself for feelings, which, if they were there and as strong as they ought to be, would've made themselves known long ago.
I want to be certain we are protected from any surprise assault.
Ambassador Swanbeck I have concluded that your treaty is not in the best interests of my people.
I do not think I have the word.
We live in the country and you insist on making it an opera house.
I thought about a career in music. The only thing I lacked, in the end, was talent.
This is a bad town for blondes.
That red dress of yours fits just perfect on me.
You see if I don't.
If you love me, let me in,!
Publicity Man.
As the poets have mournfully sung, Death takes the innocent young, The screamingly funny, The rolling in money, And those who are very well hung. There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom. One more.
Including college.
I have a secret.
As the poets have mournfully sung, Death takes the innocent young, The screamingly funny, The rolling in money, And those who are very well hung. There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom. One more.
If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
Became a sort of joke between us. Only it wasn't a joke. She never would have turned you in, not in a million years. I know that. But as time went on.
Jesus, you really want your ass kicked, don't you?
you can always tell the ones who'll do anal. Kinda makes you wonder why more people don't put a bullet through their fuckin'skulls, doesn't it. Looks like they just airbrushed the dick out of his mouth.
I've got ta get to the sea king.
Don't say it.
I got a chopper on the way, lots of time.
I'll leave you the use of your legs.
You're an assassin for the United States government.
The truck is a bomb!
You're assuming I won't shoot your sorry ass, and everyone knows when you make an assumption, you make an ass out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a'tude, jerkoff, I will see to it you spend the next ten years in prison getting ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown out because my arrest is too violent, then I will personally HIRE men to ass-fuck you for ten years. So if you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead and mouth off, but meanwhile you're under arrest for the crime of prostitution, now shut the fuck up before I cut out your kneecaps and use'em as ashtrays.
You gon na be afraid of things all your life?
You stomp around like a forties drunk and you're a lousy shot.
We're gon na open that door and you'll both be frozen solid, but I wan na know that you've cut your own child's throat. It ain't over, motherfucker. You're gon na die screaming and I'm gon na watch.
well, when we met you're all,'Oh, fooey, I burned the darn cupcakes.'Now, you go into a bar, ten minutes later sailors come running out, they can't take it.
Ladies.
Bang.
Inquiring minds want to know!
Through the open window his eyes survey.
You'll end up rippin'the cover and I don't like that.
It's blood!
You're a creature of the night, Michael!
When I dressed like you do now, you threw me out of the house.
Okay.
Don't go out there!
If you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas.
You're wrong, Dad.
Dr. Harding insisted we go by sea!
Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
Elephant grass!
If you're really interested in infants, we'll have better luck at the seaside, because the sands offer a cushioning surface where the egg clutches can, can, What in God's,! Last time I leave you in charge.
You couldn't get anybody else?
I'm glad you're able to treat the matter so lightly.
Yeah, I worked in a barbershop. But I never considered myself a barber.
If you ever get hungry, our garden back home is full of snails.
Ils ont trouv's. ils ont russi trouver.
I suspect he was drinking; anyway, he stopped coming to work. That left me to keep the place going, or the bank would've taken it. I was the principal barber now.
Yeah, I worked in a barbershop. But I never considered myself a barber.
I'm all shot to hell.
You've got ta give me something to work with.
Japs had us pinned down in Buna for something like six weeks.
Frank's father August they called him Guzzi had worked the heads up in Santa Rosa for thirty-five years until his ticker stopped in the middle of a Junior Flat Top. He left the shop to Frankie free and clear.
Ann.
.It was only a couple of weeks after we met that Doris suggested getting married.
Well, there it is.
Giff me your hant. so you needed a guide who they didn't mind talking to, someone with a gift for talking to souls.
.I'm all shot to hell. .What kind of man are you? .It was only a couple of weeks after we met that Doris suggested getting married.
I'm sayin', sometimes, the more you look, the less you really know.
Sooner or later everyone needs a haircut.
The assassin always dies, baby. It's necessary for the national healing. I'm sure you will never entirely comprehend this, darling, and I know, the way you are right now, this is like trying to have a whimpered conversation with someone on a distant star.
Hello Captain.
Somebody was in your head, with big steel- toe boots, a couple of cable cutters and a chainsaw, and they went to town!
I said'keys'not'cheese'!
Looks like this guy beat'em to the punch. Get the bank's employee files and run down the prints on a guy named Ipkiss.
When I start to dance everything goes chick chick chickie boom! The senoritas they sing, and how they sling their sombreros! And when they're dancing they bring a happy ring to their vaqueros - they sing their song, all the day loonnnggg - You go out there and I'll blow your brains out!
That money better be where you said it was, Ipkiss or you can Ipkiss your ass goodbye.
I haven't exactly been myself lately.
The truth is, I want to be a real reporter and if I can break this story I know they'll let me. Look Stanley, I know Ripley Auto is a crooked operation. They may even have had ties to the Mob.
I can taste your stink and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it.
The irony of your situation is that you have no choice. You can't scare me with this gestapo crap.
If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
There is no spoon. Lower level, They are actually attacking. Find them and destroy them!
Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
Whatever you think you know about this man is irrelevant to the fact that he is wanted for acts of terrorism in more countries than any other man in the world. He is considered by many authorities to be the most dangerous man alive. My colleagues believe that I am wasting my time with you, but I believe you want to do the right thing. It is obvious that you are an intelligent man, Mr. Anderson, and that you are interested in the future. That is why I believe you are ready to put your past mistakes behind you and get on with your life.
If you are killed in the Matrix, you die here? The body can not live without the mind.
This company is one of the top software companies in the world because every single employee understands that they are a part of a whole. Thus, if an employee has a problem, the company has a problem. The time has come to make a choice, Mr. Anderson. Either you choose to be at your desk on time from this day forth, or you choose to find yourself another job. Do I make myself clear?
It's good for two things: degreasing engines and killing brain cells.
You feel it when you go to work, or go to church or pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
Continue as planned.
You know, I know that this steak doesn't exist. I know when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious.
The other life is lived in computers where you go by the hacker alias Neo, and are guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for, including the unauthorized use of the D.M.V. system for the removal of automobile boots. One of these, lives has a future.
If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
You take the red pill and you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes.
Welcome to the real world!
You can't use that until Neo is out!
I'd used my powers for evil and it was like I brought a curse upon us all. Like that poem where the guy kills the seagull and they make him wear it round his neck. Every night I'd dream of that goat in its little bib, it's mouth opening and closing but nothing coming out.
Because when I look at what is happening in the world, I know that now, more than ever, we need to become ALL that we can BE. Now, more than ever, we need the Supermen.
How could his men's gentleness, their general lack of interest in killing people, how could this be turned into a strength?
Silence, apart from the soft swish of an unseen ceiling fan.
Kill it!
Excuse me.
The curse,. beware the curse!
Hey!
You put up with me, because I can read and write ancient Egyptian, decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic, and I'm the only person within a thousand miles who knows how to properly code and catalogue this library. Who needs smart women? I put up with you because your mother and father were our finest patrons, Allah rest their souls. Now straighten up this mess!
A thousand pardons, my good sahibs but there is much work to be done.
That thing is here!
Then you got no excuse for living.
'He that shall not be named.
Know this, the creature will be coming for you. He must consummate the curse. And until he does, he will never eat, he will never sleep, and he will never stop.
Death is only the beginning.
I only gamble with my life, never my money.
You're out of your mind.
You think he'll ever want to kiss me again?
Pittsburgh is tough; so many bridges and tunnels they can block off.
A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewheres, and a widder in the makin'. Same shot as before, but now, prison lights are on: and a man, a prison GUARD, waits close inside door.
OPEN THAT DOOR, YOU SPAWN OF THE DEVIL'S OWN STRUMPET! A pretty, pastoral shot of the house in light mist, as they run across and leave the shot.
It's a hard world for little things.
Salvation is a last-minute business, boy.
John.
When you're little, you have more endurance than God is ever to grant you again?
I robbed that bank because I got tired of seein'children roamin'the woodlands without food, children roamin'the highways in this year of Depression, children sleepin'in old abandoned car bodies on junk-heaps; and I promised myself I'd never see the day when my youngins'd want. With that ten thousand dollars I could build a Tabernacle that'd make the Wheeling Island Tabernacle look like a chicken-house!
You must grow up to be a fine, full woman; and I'm goin'to see to it you do.
Ain't no sense in it, neither.
John, Mr. Powell has got something to tell you.
It's a hard world for little things.
She's moonin'about Ben Harper. That wasn't love, it was just flapdoodle. Have some fudge, lambs. When you're married forty years, you know all that don't amount to a hill o'beans!
John might be a meddler.
Over the sound of his running upstairs: They abide and they endure. Between fifty and sixty scrap metal workers are.
She takes a list from her bosom and gives it to the GROCER.
We hear the snapping open of a switchblade knife and the point of the knife cuts through his clothes. He seems to'listen'for something.
Goodnight.
A fine-looking young woman in archaic dress, with sharp, accusing black eyes.
Not that you mind the killin's. Yore Book is full of killin's. But there are things you do hate, Lord: perfume-smellin'things, lacy things, things with curly hair She is hard at work to music o.s.
We'll steal somethin'to eat.
Something's up with Jack Something's up with Jack Don't know if we're ever going to get him back Christmas time is buzzing in my skull Will it let me be?
I don't believe what's happening to me My hopes, my dreams, my fantasies Hee, hee, hee, hee Won't they be impressed, I am a genius See how I transformed this old rat Into a most delightful hat Hmm, my compliments from me to you On this your most intriguing hat Consider though this substitute A bat in place of this old rat Huh!
Hohohohehehe Merry Xmas!
I'm gon na do the best I can Release me fast or you will have to Answer for this heinous act Oh, brother, you're something You put me in a spin You aren't comprehending The position that you're in It's hopeless, you're finished You haven't got a prayer'Cause I'm Mr. Oogie Boogie And you ain't going nowhere Think of us as you soar triumphantly through the sky outshining every star. Your silhouette a dark blot on the moon, you who are our pride, you who are our glory, you who have frightened billions into an early grave.
She's the only one who makes any sense around this insane asylum!
The king of Halloween has been blown to smithereens.
Boys and girls of every age Wouldn't you like to see something strange?
I've got a better plan To catch this big red lobster man Let's pop him in a boiling pot And when he's done we'll butter him up Kidnap the Sandy Claws Throw him in a box Bury him for ninety years Then see if he talks Then Mr. Oogie Boogie Man Can take the whole thing over then He'll be so pleased, I do declare That he will cook him rare Wheeee I say that we take a cannon Aim it at his door And then knock three times And when
Haven't you heard of peace on earth and good will toward men?
You've poisoned me for the last time you wretched girl.
I can not tell There's so many things I can not grasp When I think I've got it, and then at last Through my bony fingers it does slip Like a snowflake in a fiery grip Eureka! This year, Christmas will be ours! Patience, everyone.
'I am the wind blowing through your hair I am the shadow on the moon at night Filling your dreams to the brim with fright This is Halloween, this is Halloween Halloween! Halloween! Halloween! Halloween! Halloween!
There's only 365 days left till next Halloween.
Well come on bone man.
She's the only one who makes any sense around this insane asylum!
Everybody's waiting for the next surprise Round that corner, man hiding in the trash can Something's waiting now to pounce, and how you'll scream Scream! This is Halloween Red'n'black, slimy green Aren't you scared?
A frightening and honorable mention goes to the fabulous Dark Lagoon leeches Nice work, Bone Daddy.
Well come on bone man.
She's the only one who makes any sense around this insane asylum!
Or perhaps they just spring out And scare girls and boys What a splendid idea This Christmas sounds fun I fully endorse it Let's try it at once Everyone, please now, not so fast There's something here that you don't quite grasp Well, I may as well give them what they want And the best, I must confess, I have saved for the last For the ruler of this Christmas land Is a fearsome king with a deep mighty voice Least that's what I've come to understand There's got to be a logical way to explain this Xmas thing.
ho ho ha ha ha Good bye Jack, my dearest Jack.
Like you've never done worse.
And when it was all over, I said to myself,'Is that all there is to a fire?'Is that all there is? Is that all there is, is that all there is? If that's all there is my friends, then let's keep dancing. Let's break out the booze and have a ball. If that's all there is. Is that all there is, is that all there is? If that's all there is my friends, then let's keep dancing. Let's break out the booze and have a ball, If that's all there is. Then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river or just sit for hours gazing into each other's eyes. We were so very much in love. Then one day he went away and I thought I'd die. But I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself,'Is that all there is to love?'Is that all there is? Is that all there is? If that's all there is my friends, then let's keep. I know what you're thinking. If that's the way she feels about it why doesn't she just end it all? I'm in no hurry for that final disappointment. I know just as well as I'm standing here talking to you, when that final moment comes and I'm breathing my last breath, I'll be saying to myself. Is that all there is, is that all there is? If that's all there is my friends, then let's keep dancing.
We both know you won't settle for less.
You're trying to kill me.
Oh.
My show's not going to happen, so this show is over.
I'm a fan of yours, you know. Your number-one fan. But if you fuck this up, I will smash your ankles with a sledge hammer. That wouldn't be comfortable for either of us. I'll be coming by twice a day to check up on you. I'm the only person who should be coming by.
He's not coming back.
You've had power and wealth all your life.
This is the end of the unholy trinity?
But to get ahead in this world, you need more than fair looks and a kind heart.
And I couldn't go through that again.
You've had power and wealth all your life.
omehow I need to make him understand that it is a fair price for a legitimate heir.
More than once.
From now on, you do things our way, no highway option!
You bring your stethoscope?
Go GET HELP!
I will not fight and because I won't, I will not cast a vote that will send others to fight in my stead.
Would you like a lesson in the rules of war?
Why didn't you come sooner?
There will be created a Jewish District in which all Jews living in Warsaw or moving to Warsaw will have to reside.'And look here:'Jews living outside of the prescribed area will have to move to the Jewish district by 31st of October 1940.'But.they won't get all of us.
If you'd been hit by a bomb, they'd have known where to take you. Henryk, don't say things like that, God forbid, God forbid.
There's hardly anybody left in this building, only women, the men have gone.
There are always notices going up.
Hey!
Look!
Germans never go into Jewish toilets.
This is totally insane; why do we have to have a gentile street running through our area?
Your whole family can have a better life.
I am learning to speak. My sound is still so bad I am ashamed. I practice only when I am alone and it is dark. At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch. And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
I hardly need to give one to you, but there you are anyway.
I am learning to speak. My sound is still so bad I am ashamed. I practice only when I am alone and it is dark. At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it.
I am giving the piano back to you.
Never behave like that, never any where.
Too red for Bellatrix.
A world turned wrong side up.
You proved our innocence.
Well, you know what they say.
You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape.
The eastern desert has never been explored, because we've always assumed that no life can exist there.
This beast lost a lot of blood.
Dr. Zaius! Would an ape make a human doll that talks?
Remember that men all look alike to most apes.
A world turned wrong side up.
I must say I agree.
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
You may not like what you find.
Get away from me, you dirty ape!
I should've let you die.
I am a United States Postman.
If this is the end. If this is the last piece of mail that ever gets delivered.
She was only fifteen.
Will stay this courier from the swift completion of his appointed rounds.
With no regrets.
I'm only asking because I want you to make me pregnant.
Unfortunately, it doesn't work that way.
If you can convince them to come.
There is only one penalty: Death.
Disguise fair nature with rage and lend the eye a terrible aspect.
I am a United States Postman.
And remember, this is for posterity, so be honest, how do you feel?
I could not bear it if you died again, not when I could save you.
Except, now that we're together, I shall retire and hand the name over to someone else.
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
There will be blood tonight!
I tried. I tried. You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous. There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
I tried. I tried. You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous. There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
And for days, she neither slept nor ate. I will never love again. Five years later, the main square of Florin City was filled as never before to hear the announcement of the great Prince Humperdinck's bride-to be. My people. a month from now, our country will have its 500th anniversary. On that sundown, I shall marry a lady who was once a commoner like yourselves, but perhaps you will not find her common now.
There's a Spaniard giving us some trouble.
25.
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
'Are not capable of love'is what you mean. I have loved more deeply than a killer like yourself could ever dream.
You mocked me once, never do it again, I died that day! You can die too, for all I care!
I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using. Whoever he is, he's too late, see?
There will never be a need.
Well. you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one. I don't envy you the headache you will have when you awake.
He was the most brilliant man I have ever known, and I dare say people have envied me for sharing that flat with him in Baker Street.
It's so funny.
The fact is that I could barely hold my own in the pit orchestra of a second-rate music hall. You're much too modest. You have given the reader the distinct impression that I am a misogynist. Actually, I don't dislike women, I merely distrust them. The twinkle in the eye and the arsenic in the soup. It's those little touches that make you colorful, Lurid is more like it. You have painted me as a hopeless dope addict, just because I occasionally take a five per cent solution of cocaine.
Some of us are cursed with memories like flypaper. And stuck there is a staggering of miscellaneous date, mostly useless.
Do you realize the gravity of what you have done?
Now let's see, two thousand dollars.
Hysterics have a way of severely depleting one's blood sugar, you know.
Never mind.
'We're prisoners of love, etc.
'SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER, A Gay Romp with Adolph and Eva in Berchtesgarten.'Fantastic! It's practically a love letter to Hitler! It won't run a week!
I WANT THAT MONEY!
Congratulations!
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.
I'm in pain! And I'm wet! And I'm still hysterical!
She owns 50 % of the profits.
Look at my investors now.
Adolf Hitler always drew a crowd.
That's genius. That's genius. Roger, I think I speak for Mr. Bloom and myself when I say that you're the only man in the world who can do justice to SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER.
'Springtime for Hitler,'etc.
Six months, I'm out on probation, but it's cool now, baby.
Ve vere not Narzies, ve vere Nazis. But let me tell this, and you're getting it straight from the horse, Hitler vas better looking than Churchill, he vas a better dresser than Churchill, had more hair, told funnier jokes, and could dance the pants off Churchill! That's exactly why we want to do this play. To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
17 seconds left.
I lost my football.
Great run by Jefferson, the highly- touted Freshman, the longest of the day for the Wolves. And this one is turning out to be everything we thought it would be.
I even, when I feel like it, rip the souls from little girls! And from now until eternity, the only thing you'll be able to count on in your pathetic little existence is never knowing why! I'm wasting my time here.
Never trust a fucking angel. Excellent advice. Do you ever have one of those afternoons where you feel no one's giving you a straight answer about anything?
I can lay you out and fill your mouth with your mother's feces. Or I can talk with you.
MR. GILBERTSON Where Dostoyevsky is buried?
Balzac's'Lost Illusions'is one of my favorite novels.
A Corporal, in Kosovo.you may have read about it in the papers.pulled two civilians from a bus after a bomb blast.
Because she's struggling to lead the world in mourning for a woman who threw everything she offered back in her face, and who seemed, in the last few years, to be committed twenty-four seven to destroy everything she holds dear.
Good to see you.
God. Will someone save these people from themselves.
And if there's anything I or my Government can do.
I've never been with a woman.
You may say the whole idea of character in fiction is defined by people holding specific information which for various reasons - sometimes perverse, sometimes noble - they are determined not to disclose.
You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say`Only one thing can make a soul complete, and that thing is love.'So what would you like to have?
So tell me.
I have learnt, kid.
In the south corner.
I got Wilson Boone's locker, man.
Let's kick ass. Red right pass 15 x Red fifteen!
Well I hope that's not true. To be on the road with the last surviving God would be a pretty frightening experience. Why do you say that? Where men can't live, Gods can't either. The road gangs would tear you limb from limb, both of you. The low RUMBLE in the earth is heard again, an earthquake, this time in the distance.
I had a bad dream. I had this penguin that you wound up and it would waddle and flap its flippers. And we were in that house we used to live in and it came around the corner but nobody had wound it up and it was really scary because-because- because.
When you dream about bad things happening it shows you're still fighting. You're still alive. It's when you start to dream about good things you should start to worry.
Explosives'll bring the fucking world down on us. An idea, please, we're tight on time.
One of these pearlslll kill everything within 200 feet.
I feel strangely at home.
I personally picked this suite. Only one exit.
You have a made a terrible mistake and more of our brothers have died in vain.
I need a hand here.
I said, hey listen to me, Stay sane inside insanity. But he locked the door And threw away the key.
I feel released Bad times deceased My confidence increased Reality is here The game has been disbanded My mind has been expanded It's a gas that Frankie's landed His lust is so sincere. What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same. Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever. Don't dream it. Be it. Ach, we've got to get out of this trap before this decadence saps our wills. I've got to be strong and try to hang on. Or else my mind, may well snap. Und my life will be lived, For the thri-i-i-i-ill.
And crawling on the planet's face Some insects called the human race Lost in time, and lost in space And meaning. Meaning.
I thought there's no use getting Into heavy petting. Now all I want to know Is how to go I've tasted blood And I want more I'll put up no resistance I want to stay the distance I've got an itch to scratch And I need assistance. Touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me. I wan na be dirty. Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me. Creature of the night.
Y'got a block, Take my advice.
Don't judge a book by its cover I'm not much of a man By the light of day But by night I'm one hell of a lover.
I'll tell you once, Won't tell you twice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss.
Und my life will be lived, For the thri-i-i-i-ill.
It's true also that the spare tyre they were carrying was badly in need of some air. But they being normal kids and on a night out, well they were not going to let a storm spoil the events of their evening. It was a night out they were going to remember for a very long time.
It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right.
I love you, I love you, I love you. Michael Rennie was ill.
It's beyond me Help me Mommy I'll be good you'll see Take this dream away What's this, let's see I feel sexy What's come over me Here it comes again. I feel released Bad times deceased My confidence increased Reality is here The game has been disbanded My mind has been expanded It's a gas that Frankie's landed His lust is so sincere. What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same. Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
Besides, darling, the owner of the phone might be a beautiful woman and you may never come back. In the velvet darkness Of the blackest night Burning bright. There's a guiding star No matter what or who you are.
Oh, but you're hurt.
Smile and that will mean I may I've seen blue skies Through the tears in my eyes And I realise I'm going home I'm going home Feeling Like I'm outside in the rain
Some people would give their right arm for the privilege.
Now the only thing that gives me hope Is my love of a certain dope Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. I'm just seven hours old Truly beautiful to behold And somebody should be told My libido hasn't been controlled Now the only thing I've come to trust Is an orgasmicrush of lust Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. It's beyond me Help me Mommy I'll be good you'll see Take this dream away What's this, let's see I feel sexy What's come over me Here it comes again. I feel released Bad times deceased My confidence increased Reality is here The game has been disbanded My mind has been expanded It's a gas that Frankie's landed His lust is so sincere. What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same. Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
And super heroes Come to feast To taste the flesh Not yet deceased And al I know Is still the beast Is feeding. And crawling on the planet's face Some insects called the human race Lost in time, and lost in space And meaning. Meaning.
You drain others of their love and emotions.
It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right.
Sky, freeway, the cars closing.
Whatever happened to Saturday night When you dressed up sharp And you felt alright It don't seem the same since cosmic light Came into my life and I thought I was divine. Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll My head used to swim From the perfume I smelled.
It's astounding Time is fleeting Madness takes its toll But listen closely Not for very much longer I've got to keep control.
It's true there were dark storm clouds, heavy, black and pendulous, toward which they were driving.
There are some people who say that life is an illusion, and that reality is simply a figment of our imaginations! If this is so, then Brad and Janet are quite safe. However, the sudden departure of their host and his creation had left them feeling both apprehensive and uneasy. A feeling which grew as the other guests'departed'and'they'were shown to their separate rooms.
You're not listening. A beat of startled silence, and then her voice comes again, from across the hilltop, sounding exactly like her, only slightly fuzzed, a rasping quality just beneath the words: They all turn to look, but there's nothing there, just the vine, its green leaves, its bright red flowers.
Hey man, take it easy.
Jimmy saw him flashing a pimp role at a bar the other night. said he was dissin'your ass in front of one of your customers. Man'll say a lot of thing when he's sporting weasel food for a pecker.
Is no time for lolly- gagging.
I can make it.
I tell you, young lady, when a thing like this comes up, you've got to go to the police. What do you think people pay taxes for?
You know the devil and all his minions are marked that way.
I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
You're a curious man. You're willing to jeopardize Jacqueline's life in order to satisfy your own curiosity.
I'm a terrible failure, Mary,, a book clerk by day and a poet by night, and not a very good one - but if you'll trust me, at this one thing I won't fail I'll find your sister.
I feel like an idiot fainting in a stranger's office.
Your sister had many friends but they were not my friends.
I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
I don't like to be ordered to do anything.
Are you Jacqueline's sister?
Big ol'thing.
Christ!
There's women everywhere, every shape and size. I find myself semi-hard most of the time, cursing myself for a dirty old man.
I could never get that way.
Two things never happened again after that. The Sisters never laid a finger on Andy again. .and Bogs never walked again. They transferred him to a minimum security hospital upstate. To my knowledge, he lived out the rest of his days drinking his food through a straw. I'm thinkin'Andy could use a nice welcome back when he gets out of the infirmary.
That was the longest night of my life.
Maybe it's'cause I'm Irish.
I understand you're a man who knows how to get things. I'm known to locate certain things from time to time. They seem to fall into my hands. Maybe it's'cause I'm Irish.
I can't say I approve of this. but I suppose exceptions can always be made.
Now shut the fuck up'fore I sing you a lullabye! Get this tub of shit down to the infirmary. If I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night, by God and Sonny Jesus, you'll all visit the infirmary.
Now there's a game of kings.
It always makes us laugh.
When they check you into this hotel, one of the bellhops bends you over and looks up your works, just to make sure you're not carrying anything.
Now shut the fuck up'fore I sing you a lullabye! Get this tub of shit down to the infirmary. If I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night, by God and Sonny Jesus, you'll all visit the infirmary.
This fucker's havin'hisself an accident.
Take my guests out charter fishing.
To my knowledge, he lived out the rest of his days drinking his food through a straw. I'm thinkin'Andy could use a nice welcome back when he gets out of the infirmary.
All clear!
I like to think the last thing that went through his head.other than that bullet.was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
They got this skinny kid named Rory Tremont to go in the hole. He wasn't much in the brains department, but he possessed the one most important qualification for the job.
That was my first impression of the man.
Now shut the fuck up'fore I sing you a lullabye! Get this tub of shit down to the infirmary. If I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night, by God and Sonny Jesus, you'll all visit the infirmary.
I and others have come to believe. that your heart is not in this, that you haven't the belly for it.
Has it ever occurred to you what would happen to my future, if I were to fail to live up to my responsibilities?
For ever.
I've never been this happy, or comfortable anywhere.
You son of a bitch!
You just had a bad dream.
He ran amok and eh. killed his family with an axe, stacked them neatly in one of the rooms in the West Wing, and then he um. then he put eh both barrels of his shotgun in his mouth. The police eh. they thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin-fever, a kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are shut in together over long periods of time.
How are things going, Mr. Torrance? Things could be better, Lloyd. Things could be a whole lot better.
Oh I wouldn't think of it.
Red Rum.
My goddam soul, just a glass of beer.
Go check out the Snowcat and the radio and see what I mean.
Fine.
I'm coming Dan!
Magnificent!
Well, the snow ploughs are keeping things moving in town, but the mountain roads are completely blocked. That means I'm going to need a snowcat to get up there, Larry.
Any fucking thing for him.
Well, your son.
And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
.The courtesy with which they welcome you into their homes. And the people, these incredibly. warm people in this.
Well, in case it gets hairy, remember. the most committed wins.
Look, I'm just a cop, okay, and I'm real sorry the cold war's over, and you Masters of the Universe got nothing going on over there in Afghanistan or Iraq or wherever, but you're just not in the Middle East anymore.
You don't fight a junkyard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is take the leash off your own, bigger, meaner dog.
See if any was sold in quantity the last month.
So am I!
In this game, the most committed wins.
Guys, guys, the President lost a lot of friends last night, Not to mention six points in the polls.
And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
Can I go outside, if I eat this?
Look at my face.
I think we said everything we needed to say. Maybe it's time to say things to someone else?
I don't like people looking at me like that.
I want to tell you my secret now.
If you're not very mad.
I just have to say, this day today has been one very special day. I wish we all could stay and play.
Spent some time after trying to get my head together.
Just a lot of drinking and sex.
The lenses hurt my eyes.
You're mad I missed the play, aren't you?
There are no needles or prescription drugs of any kind in this house.
Okay, Cole, I'm going to go now.
Even the scary ones.
I think maybe when people own things and then they pass away, a part of themselves gets printed on those things, like fingerprints. You don't need someone with a masters. You need a wrestler guy whose neck is larger than his head.
You don't have to answer now.
It makes them feel bad.
I didn't know you were funny. I forgot myself.
If you're not very mad.
There once was a boy, very different than other boys.
Where the hell is this guy?
You're a real horse's ass.
Okay, let's take this place apart and get outa here.
Yeh, but I don't know where he is.
There was a lawyer there.
He must have tried to tell you that I was lying. Then you would tell Daddy that it didn't matter if I was lying or not, the lawsuit is dead. Everyone's lawsuit is dead.
You see, I really did see Wynant last night.
Don't make a move or that dog will tear you to shreds!
I saw him lying buried in his shop.
I love you, Nickie,'cause you know such lovely people!
The police have found out that the beautiful blonde secretary was once a gangster's girl.
Have you got a pistol permit?
.So it crashes, and this guy, whoever he is, gets thrown out, or walks out, and ends up freezing.
I don't think he's breathing.
Look, I haven't been able to reach shit in two weeks. Doubt if anybody's talked to anybody on the whole continent.
I don't know what the hell's in there, but it's weird and pissed off, whatever it is.
I know you gentlemen have been through a lot. But when you find the time.
Look, I haven't been able to reach shit in two weeks. Doubt if anybody's talked to anybody on the whole continent.
But I guess you'll all rest easier if someone else is in charge.
I make comic faces, and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs, and tell all sorts of jokes.I wouldn't stand a chance, would I? All right.you did tell me I had to find myself a girl.
Do you know - you ought to find yourself a girl. His English is very bad.
We should have dug deeper than a grave.
Remember what the fellow said. # NAME?
Hullo!
Have seen it myself, killed at once, immediately.
Whoever killed him, there was some sort of justice.
Nor lose possession of that fair Nor shall death brag thou When in eternal lines to time thou So long as men can breathe, or eyes So long lives this, and this gives Shakespeare. That's cheating. It's beautiful.
The most beautiful I've ever known.
There was a time when I would've given my life for a kind word.
the entire corps will be arrested and imprisoned.'All for one, and one for all.
God's justice be done.
Gentlemen, this is the end of the line.
I've always maintained what this nation needs is a reliable timepiece. The Navy needs one. The Army needs one. - For the artillery you know. When I speak of time, I'm referring to the fourth dimension.
Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing.
I'11 be sure to mention that to him.
People say I talk too much.
This is a load of shit.
All of you can go to hell. And after they killed Fenster nobody would run?
Save us the time. Tell us where the truck is.
Always five times more money than the job was worth.
I'11 be sure to mention that to him.
I'11 be alright.
Alright, you all know the drill. When your number is called, step forward and repeat the phrase you've been given.
I think you're covering his ass and he's still out there somewhere. I think he was behind that whole circus in the harbor. My bet is he's using you because you're stupid and you think he's your friend. You tell me he's dead, so be it.
If I see you or your friends before then, or fail to check in every half hour with that unpleasant looking man in there, Ms. Finneran will find herself the victim of a gruesome violation before she dies.
You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life you idiot.
There's no coke.
It's been a hobby of his for a few years.
If I'm going in, I want a stake.
I couldn't bring myself to raise my gun to him.
And that was how we started.
I've got immunity now.
You may step down.
Welcome back.
There is no justice. The rich win, the poor are powerless.'We become tired of hearing people lie. After a time we become dead. A little dead. We start thinking of ourselves as victims. And we become victims. And we become weak. and doubt ourselves, and doubt our institutions. and doubt our beliefs. we say for example,'The law is a sham. there is no law. I was a fool for having believed there was.'But today you are the law. You are the law. And not some book and not the lawyers, or the marble statues and the trappings of the court. all that they are is symbols. Of our desire to be just. All that they are, in effect, is a prayer. a fervent, and a frightened prayer. In my religion we say,'Act as if you had faith, and faith will be given to you.'If. If we would have faith in justice, we must only believe in ourselves. And act with justice. And I believe that there is justice in our hearts.
Me and my wife. and I am going to ruin yours. You don't have to go out there to see that girl.
And you get a black lawyer to sit at our table.
I've got no sympathy for you.
Hey, Zainab's going to make dinner if you want to eat with us later.
Nothing a bottle of Jack and a straight razor cant fix.
After welcome cocktails, you've got the hen party.
Only way to beat that guy is to take yourself out of the game.
She blames Tony Pee-Pants Pinterello for everything.
Welcome, friends and family! Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an amp? Victor and I would especially like to thank our out-of-town guests for coming to celebrate with us as we welcome Edward and the Fletcher- Wootens into our family.
Somebody buy my wooha a drink.
There are people who will tell you that the wedding dance is symbolic of a couple's compatibility. Of a rapport that can not be faked. That an unskilled man on the dance floor is a man who lacks grace in bed.
You cant I have to.
My rate isnt arbitrary.
It's welcome cocktails, not prom. With this level of matchy-matchy, we should be drinking peach schnapps under a bleacher somewhere. Ill teach you a trick. If you look people in the eye, theyll never even notice what you have on.
I was so desperate to make everyone believe I was happy that I spent six grand on a lie. And after all that? The only one who ended up falling for it was me.
Damn them!
# NAME?
BENSON, a beefy redneck rancher, curses bitterly as he crosses to Harrigan.
But if one of you quits on me I'll pay a thousand dollar bonus to the man who kills him.
The price of a drink let him decide who has lost his courage and his pride and who lies a govelling heap of clay not far removed from a beast today.- I hereby solemnly procaise, God helping me, to abstain from all di stilled, fer- mented and malt ligi34rs3 including wine, beer and cider, and to employ all proper means to discourage the Ilse of and.
mule.
And my head I'd be scratchin'While my thoughts were busy hatchin'If I only had a brain. I'd unravel every riddle For anyindivid'le With the thoughts you'll be thinkin'You could be another Lincoln If you only had a brain.
And this is my room, and you're all here! And I'm not going to leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all! And, Oh, Auntie Em, there's no place like home!'The young girl sat perfectly still in the confessional. listening to her father's boots scrape like chalk on the ancient steps of the church, then grow faint, then disappear altogether.'Let me get this straight. The girl with the big lips is depressed because, each night, when her father goes off to work at the bakery, her mother sneaks some mysterious lover into the house. Not only does this girl have to listen to her mother working this guy in the next room, she has to wash the sheets each morning before Daddy gets home. After a few weeks of this, she starts to go a little nutty/ so Daddy takes her to confession only, once she gets in the box, she gets a whiff of the priest and realizes he's the mother's secret lover.
Then this is a day of Independence For all the Munchkins and their descendants! If any!
No, I'm wrong.
Dorothy, you're waking up!
Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
My mouth, my mouth!
I'll fight you with my eyes closed.
Better get under cover, Sylvester, there's a storm blowing up, a whopper, to speak in the vernacular of the peasantry.
She tried to, didn't she?
Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
Therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Universitatus Committeeatum e plurbis unum, I hereby confer upon you the honorary degree of Th.D.
It's always best to start at the beginning, and all you do is follow the Yellow Brick Road.
Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness!
Dorothy!
Listen!
If you were really great and powerful, you'd keep your promises!
Not nobody, not nohow!
Ahh Oh, it ticks!
Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean you have the power to run the rest of us! For twenty- three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you!
Who are you?
Who are you?
Oh, my!
I've as good as got my brain! I can fairly hear my heart beating! I'll be home in time for supper! In another hour, I'll be King of the Forest. Long Live the King! If.
Oh, don't go without me!
You are talking to a man who has laughed in the face of death, sneered at doom and chuckled at catastrophe.
Oh, oh, they're all wonderful.
Now I know I've got a heart,'cause it's breaking.
It's so kind of you to visit me in my loneliness.
Back where I come from, we have men who are called heroes. Once a year, they take their fortitude out of mothballs and parade it down the main street of the city. And they have no more courage than you have.
You have no power here.
Look - - I won't be any trouble, because I don't eat a thing, and I won't try to manage things, because I can't think.
Only bad witches are ugly. The Munchkins are happy because you have freed them from the Wicked Witch of the East.
I'm not pretty.
You can't kill me. Not in cold blood. Bond, Go after the submarine, forget the girl. Bond!
In ten minutes, a hydrogen explosion.
A man tires of being executed. But then again.There is no point in living if youcan't.feel alive.
A man tires of being executed. But then again.There is no point in living if youcan't.feel alive.
There's no Y incision here; no internal exam. You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion, or from flying debris. I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either. You knew this man didn't die at the bomb site before we got here.
The men I work with will stop at nothing to clear the way for what they believe is their stake in the inevitable future.
This is Special Agent Dana Scully.
As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole.
I realize you're very lucky to be alive Agent Scully.
I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
See, if you get on that radio, you're gon na find out that we're wanted in two states and probably considered armed and dangerous, at least I am, then our whole plan would be shot to hell.
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car. Now, calm down. We were just havin'a little fun. Looks like you've got a real fucked up idea of fun. Now turn around. Just for the future, when a woman's crying like that, she's not having any fun!
Louise.
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car. Now, calm down. We were just havin'a little fun. Looks like you've got a real fucked up idea of fun.
Let's go.
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience. God. You're a real live outlaw! I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealin'my heart.
Louise, I almost feel like I know you.
Women love that shit. Eighty-eight dollars ain't gon na make a dent, baby girl.
I guess I went a little crazy, huh?
You know what happens. The volume gets turned way up and the next thing you know those girls are gon na get shot.
Get the fuck out of my way, man!
Hi, I'm out drinking champagne and roses.and I'm really happy. Leave a message.
Back when I was your age I always used to make myself a big banana split after sex.
I've been around, I've seem some things, People movin'faster than the speed of sound, faster than a speedin'bullet. People livin'like Superman, all day and all night. I won't say if it's wrong or I won't say if it's right. I'm pretty fast myself. But I do have some advice to pass along, right here in the words to this song. Better not look down, if you wan na keep on flyin'. Put the hammer down, keep it full speed ahead. Better not look back or you might just wind up cryin'. You can keep it movin'if you don't look down. When I was sixteen years old I fell in love.
You fucking prick, we had a deal you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture.
That she knew my name blew my mind. Some of my best friends didn't know my name.
It's Bobby.
I understand.
The missiles only take five minutes to get here.
Mr. Zorin, I remind you that the other day you did not deny the existence of these weapons. But today, again, if I heard you correctly, you now say they do not exist.
We were eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked.
We need to come with options other than air strikes so we have some sort of choice here. We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock'em up together in there, kick'em in the ass til they come up with options.
Just wanted to see for myself.
How would we respond if they killed ours?
How would we respond if they killed ours?
We've worked up several military scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike, we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are, I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
I remember giving the order to go to DEFCON 3, but I must be suffering from amnesia because I've just been informed our nuclear forces are DEFCON 2! Mr. President, the orders were limited to our strategic forces in the continental U.S. Technically, General LeMay is correct that SAC has the statutory authority I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
If the sun rises in the morning, it is only because of men of goodwill.
We have heard stories that some among your military men wish for war. You are a good man. Your brother is a good man. I assure you there are other good men. Let us hope the will of good men is enough to counter the terrible strength of this thing which has been put in motion.
I recommend, sir, air strikes followed by invasion, perhaps preceded by an ultimatum to dismantle the missiles if military necessity permits.
If we go ahead with these air strikes.
Bet you had a late night.
Who gives a shit about the midterms now? The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us. You mean there's something more important than votes? Didn't think I'd live to see the day, Ken.
I fear weakness does.
The other options. do not guarantee the end result we can guarantee. However, the more time that goes by, the less reliable the choice we can offer you becomes. Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC is'Peace is our Profession.'God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange. But if launched, those missiles in Cuba would kill a lot of Americans. That's why I'm being such a pain in the ass about destroying them. Destroying them immediately.
This is President Kennedy communicating with Secretary Khruschev.
I fear weakness does.
This is Major Anderson.
The elected representatives of the people have spoken. Now let's tell the people. Good evening, my fellow citizens.
That's right, inoculate you.
Happy Wedding Breakfast!
And I will do it kill or cure.
Immediately Dwight SNAPS IT off.
Hotshot, you don't know it yet, but me and Concrete are in your blood.
Jesus, I trade some old piece of crap for a valuable hunting dog, and all you can do is piss and moan.
Ever since I was little.
'So don't go crying to Mama,'cause Mama won't listen. Mama is sick to death of her baby boy. And your rich Daddy Warbucks and your Princeton brother don't give a shit about you,'cause Caroline told me they haven't even written in over two years. So it looks like I'm all you got now, it's just you and me. Feels sort of inevitable, doesn't it, hotshot? It's like we were fated for each other, like I'm the one guy on Earth could set you straight. And don't you ever think I won't enjoy doing it,'cause. Dear Toby, I sure do miss you, honey, the house is like a tomb since you left.
I won't do it.
Now if you lived with your daddy Duke and his rich wife, maybe things'd be different, but he's not here now, is he?
A bit farther to the west.
You're on the path to truth when you smell shit, isn't that what they say?
Yeah.
Because I've got a family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I got shot after the war's already over that would be pretty fucking stupid, wouldn't it? What is the most important thing in life?
This is fucked up.
For twenty. Twenty dollars, man, what's the meaning of life? You're lucky you got to see anybody shot in this war.
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul.
Cuz the only thing around here that ain't real is you.
These new Indians are destroying everything. Our people are a quiet people.
You have nothing to fear.
They had never known what all know within, that to know is not to know, not to know is to be known.
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
You need us, period.
My inner child needs spanking.
I was playing to win. A defining moment when you tried to hit the same impossible cut Greatness courts failure, Romeo. That's why most people, in their whole lives, never ever reach for the brass ring, never know when to dig deep and try for the impossible shot.
A former paramour once ascribed my fluid sense of time to being born under the sign of Pisces, something about floating through the universe You amuse me, Roy. But I'm the only woman in America born after World War II who thinks astrology is a crock of shit. Now let's see if the Big Dog'll eat.
Who can hit the longest seven iron It's a lock! I hit the seven like John Daly hits a three!
I'm not interested in that piece of shit. That's cuz you think of it as transportation, Boone.
Why do men insist on measuring their dicks?
There's a red light, I'm making a space for myself.
I don't see what all the fuss is about.
There's no cause for alarm.
Ah.
Zat is true, I am not used to working in such'orreeble conditions.
They get to the rail and Jack starts to yell and wave to the crowd on the dock.
People of all ages are dancing, drinking beer and wine, smoking, laughing, even brawling.
The steps are fast and she shines with sweat.
And these were drawn from life?
I'm all she has in the world.
There are four so-called collapsibles, or Engelhardts boats, including two which are stored on the roof of the officer's quarters. The crowd is sparse, with most people still aft. Cal slips his hand out of hte pocket of his overcoat and into the waist pocket of Murdoch's greatcoat, leaving the stacks of bills there.
I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it. an endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches. always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared.
She designs naughty lingerie, among her many talents.
Jack and Rose drift under the blazing stars. The water is glassy, with only the faintest undulating swell. Rose can actually see the stars reflecting on the black mirror of the sea.
So you feel like you're stuck on a train you can't get off'cause you're marryin'this fella.
Collapsible A is whirled like a leaf in the currents around the sining ship.
Molly is having a fine time.
Well, that's the general idea, my dear.
Her husband had struck gold someplace out west, and she was what mother called'new money'.
Jewels are precious.
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us.
I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it. an endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches. always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared.
Walkin'the dog.
A very rare diamond, called the Heart of the Ocean. I want you to draw me like your French girl.
Ah.
You may give me this, if anything I tell you is of value.
Let's stretch her legs.
it can't corner worth shit. Everything he knows is wrong.
I have it.
Now row!
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us.
Rose, you're no picnic.
Sweeping down six stories is the First Class Grand Staircase, the epitome of the opulent naval architecture of the time. I saw that in a nickelodean once, and I always wanted to do it.
You like lamb, don't you sweetpea? So, you gon na cut her meat for her too there, Cal?
Wan na play?
Leonardo, I am most disappointed in you.
You're a heavy boy, aren't you?
All they ever did was make fun of him.
My horse is over here.
And I don't take no mouth from Any bartenders neither.
Oh, my God.
I know, let's have a spelling Contest!
Well.'bye.
Well I'm not so go home. Swear to God, Mister, step aside Or we'll tear you apart.
Wretched slugs, don't any of you Have the guts to play for blood?
Just in time.
But I was thinkin', You know what this town really Needs is a race track.
The McLaurys are both dead.
Dear God, this is the last Battle. I worked it out in my Head every which way and I know There's no way I'm comin'through This alive. You've preserved me This far so I only ask one more Favor: just let me live long Enough to kill that man. Thy will Be done and there's an amen to it.
'Fraid I'll have to have those guns.
There, now we can be friends Again.
Oh, hell.
Ever.
I swear!
This is a direct order.
Valet parking?
The bandit never gets a clean shot.Maverick makes an aggressive vertical move here, comes over the top and defeats the bandit with a missile shot. The encounter was a victory, but we've shown it as an example of what not to do.
Great instincts.
Oh, you're getting heavy!
Well done, men.
Oh, you're getting heavy!
The apron is a bit much, it's not my color. Out the window.Buzz, you're a genius!
Ah, for crying out loud, they're all in boxes, you idiot!
Hey!
I'm telling!
I'm telling!
I am Mrs. Nesbit!
Now, it was an accident!
Now I have guilt.
Let Sid trash you.
Hey guys! Guys!
Rockets explo I shoulda held on longer.
No way!
The airlock is closing.
To infinity and beyond!
Take cover!
I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection.
Potato Head.
My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets! You actually think you're THE'Buzz Lightyear?'Oh, all this time I thought it was an act!
You are a liar!
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
Yeah, like turning into a beautiful woman.
I don't have to control everything in the future.
I don't have to control everything in the future.
It seems, however, that I really am the luckiest guy in the world. Several years of addiction right in the middle of an epidemic, surrounded by the living dead, but not me, I'm negative. It's official. And once the pain goes away, that's when the real battle starts.
Should you stand guilty before me again, I shall not hesitate to impose a custodial sentence.
Renton and Spud are running along the street.
Sweat, chills, nausea, pain and craving. Need like nothing else I have ever known will soon take hold of me.
Should you stand guilty before me again, I shall not hesitate to impose a custodial sentence.
Stage One: preparation.
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Begbie goes radge.
This was to be my final hit. But let's be clear about this: there's final hits and final hits. What kind was this to be? {Some final hits are actually terminal one way or another, while others are merely transit points as you travel from station to station on the junky journey through junky life. }Begbie sits grimly. The others are relaxed. This was his nightmare. The dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scams being perpetrated with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck-ups in town.
I thought to myself: she's special.
It's a fucking scandal. It's a scandal, Franco. Too right it is. Now look, have you got anything to eat,'cos I'm fucking Lee Marvin, by the way.
Custom fucking designed for your needs. I want a fucking hit. That's all I've got: take it or leave it. For all the good they've done me I might as well have stuck them up my arse.
Jesus.
Stage One: preparation.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.'Oh, you've got green eyes, oh, you've got red eyes, and I've never met anyone quite like you before.'It's a mug's game, Mrs Renton. I'm not saying I was blameless myself, far from it, but there comes a time when you have to turn your back on that nonsense and just say no. Better than sex, Rents, better than sex. The ultimate hit. I'm a fucking adult. I'll find out for myself.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.'Oh, you've got green eyes, oh, you've got red eyes, and I've never met anyone quite like you before.'It's a mug's game, Mrs Renton. I'm not saying I was blameless myself, far from it, but there comes a time when you have to turn your back on that nonsense and just say no. Better than sex, Rents, better than sex. The ultimate hit. I'm a fucking adult. I'll find out for myself.
That was Begbie's story. Or at least that was Begbie's version of the story.
Stage One: preparation.
Wish the guy that borrowed it would help me out I got to win that fifty bucks.
Unicron, my'master,'with this I shall make you my slave!
N/A
We've got to save Prime!
There are a lot more of those cam dinging, grill-crackin'things.
Unicron, my'master,'with this I shall make you my slave!
Rumble!
It's time to play End-of-the-line-my valentine!
Long live Galvatron! And these shall be your minions.
It is a pity Autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now.
Autobot City looks like a federal energy project gone mad.
Their defenses are broken.
Yiiiiiiiiii!
Long live Galvatron! And these shall be your minions.
Their defenses are broken.
Then let me make another run to Autobot City on Earth.
I would have waited an eternity for this.
The Junkion looks down at his missing arm, digs around in the junk for a minute, comes up with another, and then transforms to a motorcycle.
as he CRACKS THROUGH GLASS and he and others swarm in and attack Perceptor who tries to beat them away Run, Blaster!
I never thought I'd be so happy to see those big bozos.
Hello.
I got better things to do today than die.
Hits with a capital'aitch'like in Hard, Heavy and.
Happy motoring!
knocks two Decepticons on their tails and turns.
Grimlock is like a'spooked horse'refusing to be shut in the barn.
Amigos, buddies and side kicks, Breep drit, aw rootie!
Yet another, final, reference to Kranix as Granix }Suddenly, the Robot is dumped into a pit of teeming Sharkticons and there is a mad frenzy.
Cybertron and all it's moons are mine! But remember, WE belong to HIM!
Oh, man, I hate this shit.
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
Listen, they only respond to vibration, right?
Well, there's sure as hell nothing to stop us now.
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
Listen!
I got vegetables coming out my ears. Usually the varmints eat up half my crop, but lately I ain't so much as seen a gopher or a jack-rabbit nowheres. If that ain't the truth.
I'd do the same.
Hey, Old Fred!
Well, it's not like we've got a hell of a lot of options. You guys know how to pole vault?
IT'S GOT ME! IT's GOT ME!
They're coming underground! They.they can dig like a son of a bitch.Big monsters under the ground, Burt!
Hey, here's the plan: Nestor's Cadillac. His tires are nine hundred sixteens.
Now, Val, let's assume they're as dangerous as you say.
This way.
Confirm.
I'd better get over to that input/output tower and let him know.
Dumont, I'm so pleased that we've finally come to terms with one another.
When you've been in the system as long as I have, you hear many promises. many reassurances.many brave plans.
Ed, all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs.
I'll be lucky if the MCP doesn't blast me into a dead zone.
Look, if this is about those parking tickets, I can explain everything.
Well, great, that's no sweat, I play video games better than anybody.
I heard that movie was good.
I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
Ladies and gentlemen, this program comes to you through the courtesy of Colet and Company, manufacturers of the most famous perfumes in the world. Remember it doesn't matter what you say; it doesn't matter how you look; it's how you smell.
It was five minutes slow, but I regulated it for you.
Now we discover he is Franois, the man who had trouble with his tonsils in Venice. of the major, a man about forty-five, in smart golf togs.
I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
You would?
I assure you in my own circles I am very well known. You wanted a hundred thousand francs, and I thought you wanted me.
I love you.
This is the woman he is waiting for. It must be the most marvelous supper. We may not eat it, but it must be marvelous.
My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers.
'For when we condone the bugging of our citizens'bedrooms, when we allow the police to enter our citizens'homes with specious warrants, when we invade our citizens'privacy in a frenzied quest for a wicked white powder, aren't we capitulating to the evil, aren't we surrendering to the drug?
'S'open.
I have this chronic pain. Eight years I'm waiting for some genius to notice it took me an hour to drive seven blocks.
My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers.
A guilty client's not the end of the world.
N/A
He's giving us a blank check on wiretaps.
Don't be pumping beets up my ass here.
Unfortunately, Juno, I have a plane to catch.
See, America is on top now.
I've taught her better than that.
She's a flesh and blood woman. And you're never there.
So what makes you think that the slack I cut him in any way translates to you?
See, that's the problem with terrorists. They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules.
The warhead contains 14.5 kilos of enriched uranium, with a plutonium trigger.
Now all we can do is wait, Is this national security stuff boring you?
Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass?
No, I don't really mean it.
Your great, great, great, great, great-grandmother was fucked by a nigger, and had a half-nigger kid. That is a fact. Now tell me, am I lyin'? I haven't killed anybody since 1974. Goddamn his soul to burn for eternity in fuckin'hell for makin'me spill blood on my hands! Go to this comedian's son's apartment and come back with somethin'that tells me where that asshole went so I can wipe this egg off of my face and fix this fucked-up family for good. Boss, get ready to get happy.
Shit, any nigger say he don't eat pussy is lyin'his ass off. I heard that. Hold on a second, Big D. You sayin'you eat pussy? Nigger, I eat everything. I eat pussy. I eat the butt. I eat every motherfuckin'thang. Preach on, Big D. Look here. If I ever did eat some pussy - I would never eat any pussy - but, if I did eat some pussy, I sure as hell wouldn't tell no goddamn body. I'd be ashamed as a motherfucker. Shit! Nigger you smoke enough sherm your dumb ass'll do a lot a crazy ass things. So you won't eat pussy?
She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick. Now the first guy you kill is always the hardest. I don't care if you're the Boston Strangler or Wyatt Earp. You can bet that Texas boy, Charles Whitman, the fella who shot all them guys from that tower, I'll bet you green money that that first little black dot that he took a bead on, was the bitch of the bunch. No foolin'the first one's a tough row to hoe. Now, the second one, while it ain't no Mardi Gras, it ain't half as tough row to hoe.
Can I just leave and you guys just settle it by yourselves?
I really apologize for scaring you so bad, but believe me, I'm just as scared as you.
I'm a Sicilian. And my old man was the world heavyweight champion of Sicilian liars. And from growin'up with him I learned the pantomime. Now there are seventeen different things a guy can do when he lies to give him away. A guy has seventeen pantomimes. A woman's got twenty, but a guy's got seventeen. And if you know'em like ya know your own face, they beat lie detectors to hell. What we got here is a little game of show and tell. You don't wan na show me nothin'.
I felt so stupid just blowing those bubbles. You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gon na go grab dinner. I'm gon na hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gon na lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin'arms. We now return to'Bullit'already in progress.
I felt so stupid just blowing those bubbles. You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gon na go grab dinner. I'm gon na hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gon na lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin'arms. We now return to'Bullit'already in progress.
'Listen, you dumb fuck! The thing mutates We live underground! The world belongs to the fucking dogs and cats. We're like moles or worms. All we want to do is study the original.
Because they're not consuming on their own. But as patients, they becone consumers of mental health care. And this gives the so-called sane people work!
If those young men don't get loose, they could die in that basement. All I see are dead people.
.I had a dream about.something like that. You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James! How did it get there? You said I had delusions, that I created a world, you said you could explain everything.
He tries to convince people. other doctors mostly.that there are these teeny tiny invisible'bad things'called germs that get into your body and make you.sick!
Wow, a guy in a Chevy is chasing her and some other guy I can't see.
I just need some information.
Which, as they kiss, consume.
I said it would be better if we weren't friends, not that I didn't want to be.
Yeah, false alarm.
Well done!
This is wrong.
Good headline for your feature - I'm on the paper, and you're news, baby, front page.
Well, we won't be a problem any more.
Well done!
This is recycling at its most basic level - - hey, don't drink that!
She reaches for it, confused.
But apparently, no one here is good enough for him.
She reaches for it, confused.
Mr. Benjamin Horne's got a delegation of Norwegians coming in next week and I want both of you to learn to introduce yourself.
My name is Annie.
Boneless.
I know he is seeing someone else and that's okay with me, and he thinks I'm seeing someone else and that's not okay with him.
If you are, you can kill me right now. Kill me right now, if you are.
When this kind of fire starts it is very hard to put out.
We've got our own clock.
Chalfont was the name of the folks that rented the space before they did.
I just can't.
When this kind of fire starts it is very hard to put out.
There's nobody in this place, you're meetin'the reason why.
My name is Annie.
Hey, Tommy, Jacques beat us here. Hold on, I'm chokin'the farm fed. Don't expect a turkey dog in here.
I am not going to Cliff's trailer.
We live inside a dream.
More popular than Uncle's Day at a whorehouse.
My name is Annie.
I know you don't know who I am, but, I came halfway across the world Whoa.
I did nothing, the pavement was his enemy.
Tell us where our mother is.
I don't know what the problem is, but I'm sure it can be solved without resorting to violence.
Kill the phones!
You should know I think that most sports services are a complete scam. However, I hear your boy here's having quite a season.
Got ta go fuck around on me, like your Mama, but you always got ta come home to Daddy, don't you, cause you know Daddy's the best.
Your lies are old, but you tell'em well.
I wan na have your love child.
Look, Harlin, I've got places to be.
There's a pain.
I'll be right back with that beer.
Now you can fuckin'take it or you can fuckin'leave it. I'll fuckin'take it.
I guess if it doesn't hurt it's a beautiful thing. Hate's a funny thing. Right now I bet you don't know if you want to kill me, or fuck me.
I ain't never taken no drugs, mister, and.
Got my drapes.
Nice pussyy'see, see it coming.
I got to get some stuff out of the trunk.
You sure got a lot of philosophy, old man. Seems like I do but only cause end of the day we're all eyes in the same head. And everything is everything.
I have to do some things.
To be cherished. To be coveted by every single one of your banker friends that think they're better than you.
I bought a whole bunch.
To be cherished. To be coveted by every single one of your banker friends that think they're better than you.
His arms and legs are broken.
Listen man, I didn't know you were in- Just choose something all right?
So let's get some of the usual questions out of the way.
One, because it seems, in a few minutes, you will officially be the only survivor of this train wreck.
I have a speech to make. I like you people, but you are sentimental shits. You fall in love with the poets, the poets fall in love with the Marxists, the Marxists fall in love with themselves. The country is destroyed with rhetoric, and in the end we are stuck with tyrants.
an'any fucker takes a shot at me, I ain't just gon na kill him, but I'm gon na kill his wife an'all his friends an'burn his fucking house, hear? Nobody better shoot on account of I'm as mean as I say. maybe meaner. I am a damn badman an'you will not find a worse one in hell.
The roof ain't much but.
All you got ta do is shoot me an'you an'English Bob can ride out free as birds.
Take care of your sister, son. You can kill three chickens if you need, not no more. Keep the hogs that got fever separate if you can. An'if you need help, go see Sally Two-Trees over to Ned Logan's.
Duck of Death.
You know there ain't a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch. or in the whole house for that matter. He's the worst fucking carpenter.
You know how women kin lie.
I ain't gon na hurt no woman, I'm gon na hurt you.
Hell, Alice, they ain't loafers nor tramps nor bad men. They're hard workin'boys that was foolish. Why if they was given over to wickedness in a regular way. Like whores? Alice, tend to Delilah. If Delilah don't care one way or the other, what're you so riled about? Just because them smelly assholes like to ride us like horses don't mean we got to let'em brand us like we're horses. Maybe we ain't nothin'but whores, but by God we ain't horses. I got a hundred an'twelve dollars. That's everythin'.
I have killed most everything that walks or crawls an'now I have come to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.
I'm comin'outta here. an'any fucker I see out there, I'm gon na kill him. an'any fucker takes a shot at me, I ain't just gon na kill him, but I'm gon na kill his wife an'all his friends an'burn his fucking house, hear? Nobody better shoot on account of I'm as mean as I say. maybe meaner. I am a damn badman an'you will not find a worse one in hell.
I ain't stealin'your biographer, Bob.
Get away from our mailbox!
Wan na know where I'm gon na live?'Paradise Falls, a land lost in time.'I ripped this right out of a library book. I'm gon na move my clubhouse there, and park it right next to the falls.
These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories.
I will stop the dogs!
We've lost enough time already.
Wahhoo!
Whoah, that's gon na be like a billion transfers to get back to my house.
What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity: a lost world in South America! Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls, it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science.
I'm taking that bird back with me alive or dead!
If I get it I will become a Senior Wilderness Explorer!'The wilderness must be explored! It's gon na be great! There's a big ceremony, and all the dads come, and they pin on our badges. So you want to assist an old person?
I always get chocolate and he gets butter- brickle. Then we'd sit on this one curb, right outside, and I'll count all the blue cars and he counts all the red ones, and whoever gets the most, wins. I like that curb. That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.
You poured prune juice in his gas tank.
Take down the house!
We may have to settle for cheap.
I am here to tell you about your options. I work here for seventeen years and they send some fourth grader in here to can me? What the fuck is this?! It's perfectly normal to be upset. However, the sooner you can tell yourself that there are greater opportunities waiting for you. Greater opportunities? I'm fifty- seven-fucking years old! Anybody who ever built an empire, or changed the world, sat where you are now. And it's because they sat there that they were able to do it.
You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years.
I don't think I can do this.
It's these kinds of systemized friendly touches that keep my world in orbit.
Tonight, most people will be welcomed home by jumping dogs and squealing kids. Their spouses will ask about their day and tonight they'll sleep. The stars will wheel forth from their daytime hiding places.
Or is that one of the principles of your bullshit philosophy?
You know how fucked this place is without me? You know how fucked this place is without me? Fucked in the ass, man.
I need someone to listen. To your music?
I think he needs a priest.
Jesus Christ! Don't hurt me!
England prevails.
I killed you ten minutes ago.
She couldn't live with betraying me, with giving up that last inch.
That's unfortunate for me.
It won't work.
Colonel Mertz von Quernheim, General Olbricht, Lieutenant Haeften.
He politely excuses himself over the noise of the rowdy mob and heads for the bathroom.
Every second we stand here arguing is a second lost. I can't initiate Valkyrie without confirmation that Hitler's dead. It's too great a risk.
That's a lie. Hitler is dead.
My dreams are a cruel joke. They taunt me. Even in my dreams, I'm an idiot who knows he's about to wake up to reality. If I could only avoid sleep, but I can't. I try to tell myself what to dream. I try to dream that I'm flying, something freeing. It never works. Viewed in shadow, he rises out of bed. Is that the only thing that you dream? Walking down a hallway, a pretty woman with red hair beckons.
You will never know the exquisite pain of the guy who goes home alone. Because without.
This music continues.
The bits of their testimonials echo phrases from David's own life. and I'm not a'true believer'by nature. But the older you get, the more you see the flow of the future, and I made a choice. why not embrace the future? I Believe the research - the future is in the union of the spiritual.
A Christmas tree in the background, as music continues.
God, that just killed me.
She must be exhausted from trying to be witty for you all night long.
And like you, she never forgot that one night where real, true love seemed possible.
I love you.
Don't fucking ever hit a girl, man. Hit me, but don't fucking EVER hit a girl.
Don't you ever say that word. Or I'll never come over here and bring you chicken soup and fuck your brains out again.
I think she's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini.
Listen to me.
Brian!
You're amazing.
I once knew a guy who was a real loner. And one day he woke up at 40, with two daughters who lit his life up with purpose. Suddenly he goes to endless school plays, he gets home at 9:20 for the evening discussion, and he has the time of his life. His favorite Beatle was once John, and now it's Paul.
The headaches will go away - These are more than headaches.
Welcome to Life Extension.
The perception of a head frozen somewhere waiting for reanimation - it sounds like science fiction.
Mrs. Dee, this is Frank Galvin, a very good friend of ours, and a very fine attorney. It's a shame about your husband, Mrs. Dee.
Music rises as he turns to see Sofia.
I want to live a real life.
All the drawings are of Sofia, drawn in a similar fashion.
Stay, baby.
Somewhere in here I was born. and here I died and it was only a moment for you.
And the thing shuts off automatically.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
Ah.
I can give you one thing: he was in love with her.
For the last time.
You are.
I'm not going to ruin my life over a dead whore. That's a horrible ugly comment.
Speak from the heart my brother.
Let's take a vote.
God bless them both.
My sister did not live past her twenty- third birthday.
You are fearless in a way, I shall never know.
I hope I am always able to risk everything for the right and just cause.
There is one other option.
It is for love that I am here! I beg you to let me pass! It is for love His will to live is very strong.
Sometimes we don't do things, yet others know we want to do things, so we don't do them.
It is putting knots in my stomach.
Who will laugh at me when I fall?
He will hear them.
Who will laugh at me when I fall?
Light would your sorrows be, harmless your fears, all that seems darkness to you would be light, all would be sunshine where now is but night.
I know why you denied my sister. When I was younger you used to hold my arm when I walked. Then suddenly you stopped. One day, I even tripped in your presence and nearly fell.
'My cousin Viridiana will end up playing cards with me.'As L. A. P. D. officers gather evidence at this grisly crime scene, you can only ask yourselves what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crimes? The three adjectives which best describe this killer are sadistic, intelligent, and dangerous.
He's fine, as long as he gets his medication.
I'm not sure we can afford to have the'appearance'of a war.
Thank God this is America.
You're lucky to be alive right now, that's all you need to be concentrating on.
I grew up in this town. People used to walk tall in this town, they wouldn't have traded the mill for a crooked casino.
If you go to trial you stand to do 18 years.
Remember we used to play hide n seek up here? That was my favourite sound.
Now!
Alright Bud Fox. buy me twenty thousand shares of Bluestar. No more than 15 1/8, 3/8 tops, and don't screw it up sport.
I only bet sure things.
They're gon na fight, they got Myers and Thromberg doing their legal, they make Nazis look like nice guys.
I hope I'm wrong, I'll let them decide for themselves, that much I promise you.
Boy, we sure went down the toilet on that ugly bitch.
Yeah, it's a beautiful night. I love this hot stinkin'city. nothing else like it in the world. Seven million people living on each other's heads, kids born, millionaires dying, people praying, junkies, whores, wills, lawyers, deals, parties, sex. guys like you sport, dreaming about the big score. You know the best thing about New York is everything you can do here.
So whaddaya say pal, wan na play some doubles at Piping?
not bad for a City College boy.
If these people lose their jobs, nowhere to go.
I don't know where you get your information, son, but I don't like it. The only reason I'm gon na do it is.I need the money, that's the problem with money it makes you do things you don't want to do.
The key to the game is your capital reserves. You don't have enough, you can't pee in the tall weeds with the big dogs.
Cromwell wants to play financial chicken with me, we'll see who swerves first.
Yeah, I'm gon na make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gon na make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work. Fox, Bud D. is this deja vu or has it really been a year. You're not hitting me up for NYU are you?
listening an the This is the kid that's called me 59 days in a row. Wants to be a player There oughta be a picture of you in the dictionary under persistence. Look, Jerry, I'm looking for negative control, no more than 30 to 35 %, just enouqh to block anybody else's merger plans and find out from the inside if the books are cooked. If it looks as good as on paper, we're in the kill zone.
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do, stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth.
At that time a man finds his character and that is what keeps him out of the abyss.
Look guys, what's the problem, let's for the kill.Gekko's got 12 % and climbing plus the unions are in his pocket for now, everybody on the street knows the stock's in play by next week the street's gon na own Bluestar and management won't be able to do anything but poison their own pill.
Through wars, depressions, inflations and deterioration of paper money, trees have always kept their value, but Teldar is chopping them all down. Forests are perishable, forest rights are as important as human rights to this planet, and all the illusory Maginot lines, scorched earth tactics, proxy fights, poison pills, etc. that Mr. Cromwell is going to come up with to prevent people like me from buying Teldar Paper are doomed to fail because the bottom line, ladies and gentlemen, as you very well know, is the only way to stay strong is to create value, that's why you buy stock, to have it go up. If there's any other reason, I've never hear it. That's all I'm saying.it's you people who own this company, not them, they work for you and they've done a lousy job of it. Get rid of them fast, before you all get sick and die. I may be an opportunist, but if these clowns did a better job, I'd be out of work. In the last seven deals I've been in, there were 2.3 million stockholders that actually made a pretax profit of $ 12 billion. When I bought the Ixtlan Corporation it was in the exact same position Teldar is today, I turned three of its companies private and I sold four others, and each of these companies, liberated from the suffering conglomerate has prospered. I am not a destroyer of companies, I am a liberator of them. The point is, ladies and gentlemen, greed is good. Greed works, greed is right. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed in all its forms, greed for life, money, love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge of mankind, and greed, mark my words, will save not only Teldar Paper but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA.Thank you.
Look, I have no illusions about winning a popularity contest with any of you. I was roasted the other night, and a friend of mine asked why are we honoring this man have we run out of human beings? It's not always the most popular guy who gets the job done.
That's my girl.
When they flash that thing, everything lights up like Hiroshima.
You know on the Weather Channel when there's a tornado, and they tell you to go to the basement for safety?
We've only got about another minute.
I can watch all my shows after homework.
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
They were undone, destroyed, after all of man's weapons and devices had failed, by the tiniest creatures that God and his wisdom, put upon this earth. At the toll of a billion deaths, man had earned his immunity, is right to survive among this planet's infinite organisms. And that right is ours against all challenges, for men do not live nor die in vein.
That as men busied themselves about their various concerns, they observed and studied. Like the way a man with a microscope might scrutinize the creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to and fro about the globe, confident of our empire over this world.
Listen, you tell your mother that Ray sends his love and kisses. She'll love that.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
The wind is blowing toward the storm.
You and I. I don't think we are on the same page.
There's no subway here.
The issue is whether you want to run a rehabilitation center or whether you want to run for office again. When I can walk, I'll run.
He'll be dead in a year.
God be with you, Mr. Loyless. You never pitied me.
I will miss you all the days of my life.
Outside, a CROWD of Vietnamese people CHEER.
Someone tried to kill Adrian Veidt.
Well, I might not be able to count molecules, but either way, Blake was a bastard. You know he tried to rape my mother? Sounds like you may have had a score to settle. You or your mother.
His eyes are wide open, not in fear, but in resignation. As BLOOD starts to POOL behind his head, we move to the happy face pin Blake wore, now on the sidewalk by his neck. We slowly ZOOM IN on the pin as blood DRIPS on it. when the pin is WASHED AWAY.
I mean you're the'smartest guy in the world,'right? It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems. But it takes a roomful of morons to think they're small enough for you guys to handle. You people are a joke. You hear Moloch's back in town and get your panties in a bunch.
Rorschach drives his HEEL into the porcelain TOILET BOWL, SHATTERING IT.
Because of their fear of ion, I've forced the world into everlasting peace. By committing the biggest mass murder in history. You have no right to play God! I wasn't playing God. Just Dr. Manhattan. Suddenly there's a LOUD BEEPING in the hall.
Dan, in costume, pilots the ship.
Yes, it's always been one of my favorites too.
I must bid you goodnight.
You don't even speak French.
Raw meat. You do like raw meat?
Look, I want you all to understand something we don't ever play in the dirt here, okay? Not ever, no matter what! You piss in your pants, you only stay warm for so long. What about callin'in the Feds? They got a lot more juice than we Bunch of college boys from Kansas.
Jesus Christ!
My aunt used to use my uncle's old pajamas and a candle.
I guess I was foolish enough to think that would be enough for you.
This is Nick Marshall's office.
I didn't kill my wife.
Last one to arrive.
HE PLACES HAT ON FOOT AND KICKS IT UP ONTO HIS HEAD.
Listen, mister, I've got my own money. So, if you don't mind.
We'll explain everything when we get home.
Bye.
Well, I couldn't come down in my bathrobe.
You're a regular prick you know that?
'There is nothing that goes on, on this boat that I don't know about. She speaks to me in the night.
Why's it always happen at night?
Why are you such a penis Phil.
If you think I'm going to let a sixteen year old take responsibility, then you underestimate me.
Damn Toons.
Hey, come back!
I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a rabbit. Be comforted in the knowledge that as we face the Grim Dipper, our paint will be comingled for eternity.
Eddie, get him down from there.
Only when it was funny. Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder? My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead.
I'm weak. you're strong. Can't you find a place somewhere in your heart to help me?
you're killing'em, you're slayin''em, you're knockin''em dead.
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color.
When they drew her, they broke the pencil.
Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez.
Hey, dont jump back so slow.
Just sounded like an old gal havin a good time to me.
You need a active sense of humor to survive in the Big Tuna.
You crazy fuckin bad boy tryin to fuck your girl's mama. How do you think that cute little cunt Lula would feel about that?
She was weak and dumb.
He's a fucker, man.
People aren't always what they appear to be, kid.
She said you bought a coupon but you're not on anybody's list.
He said,'No little bitch can ever make me come.'So you're the new chicken licker.
No little girl can ever make me come. Seems to like some of the same places you do. Funny you never met.
My name is Artemus Gordon.
Well, I guess maybe I'd rather see what happens when I stuff your ass into that cannon up there and fertilize the landscape.
Why,y'all look like you've seen a ghost! It's me, dear friends, alive and kicking!
Sir, in perilous times like these, I was simply illustrating how someone impersonating you could actually walk right into the very bowels of the White House. You're clever, Gordon. One day it'll get you killed..
I have a little proposition to make.
Damn.
.I would've told you everything eventually.
Saved them, too.
Look, Mama!
I would only kill a bad man. Only a bad man. I see. And you know these bad men on sight? You are able to look into their hearts and see this badness?
Time for milking.
There's a police officer standing on the porch and I don't think he's going away.
'That's no cap gun in that kid's overcoat.'You were thinking'I can't let that kid get on. the bus alone-he might never get on the bus again.'You were thinking:'I've got to find a way to distract this kid.'So you did. It was in its way a noble act.
She always came back.
People like you are the reason people like me exist. And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school as a child.
Welcome to the future. brother.
Don't you people die?
That gives us something to live for.
He's pulling a 211 with a'trucker', who happens to be packing a cop issue H & K 9mm.
Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God.
The things I have to do for my country.
You can't audit life!
I feel like a child whose best friend has strict Chinese parents who never let him come out and play but now his Chinese parents are away for the Chinese New Year.
I don't wan na trade insults with you.
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how. And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him. He's going to find out the world is a horrible place and that people suck soon enough, and without any help from you.
You've got mail.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her.
We made a rule about that.
Hey, big guy, Don't I get a hello?
The Godfather is the sum of all wisdom.
I have to deliver this.
Tell people we're coming.
You've got mail. I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
It's like they're a whole generation of cocktail waitresses. I am not a stupid 22-year-old girl, That's not what I meant, And when I said the thing about the Price Club and cans of olive oil, that wasn't what I meant either Oh, you poor sad multimillionaire.
The Shop Around the Corner is a true New York treasure.
She's probably not as attractive as she seems on television either.
You've got mail. I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her. She could be a real dog.
Welcome.
My mother would never have wanted us to have a website.'Every book you sell is a gift from your heart.'She always said that.
Well, it's all right for atmosphere.
Doesn't the secret of life hold any intrigue for you? You are talking about the gibberish ravings of a lunatic mind.
Man, I'm gon na'be that wild fling she had with the local dude from the bike shop.'God, what was his name?'You're crazy. You're gon na'have a great time with her tonight.
This is nuts!
Let his guns cover Durnford for a fall back.
Well done, Vereker.
N/A
