Ever.
Come out and fight me, you chicken shit.
Because it's part of the facts. White folks only want to hear the good shit: life eternal, a place in God's kingdom. As soon as they hear they're getting all this from a black Jesus, they freak.
Every faction in Africa calls themselves by these noble names - `` liberation-this'', `` patriotic-that'', `` democratic-republic-of- something or other''. I guess they can't own up to what they usually are - `` federation- of-worse-oppressors-than-the last-bunch-of- oppressors''. Often the most barbaric atrocities occur when both combatants proclaim themselves `` freedom fighters''.
I don't know!
I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
No drinking.
You deserve it.
You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails.
Lady Luck's a bitch.
Because by God, England will not fall while I am Queen! If that's your prophecy, sir, prophesy again! You want me to tell your majesty only what your majesty chooses to hear? I will not be a toy of the fates! Have I not faced an assassin's bullet and lived?
Well, there's no harm in hopin'.
You damn right it is.
... to life in prison, just for skimmin'a casino ... sick or no fuckin'sick, you knew people were gon na get clipped.
Oh God, I'm fucking nervous. I don't know if I'm ready for this, man.
I am.
I don't want you to get drunk, but that's a very fine Chardonnay you're not drinking.
I ain't never gon na get married. You gon na get married. Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he got ta face some facts, and one fact I got ta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wan na get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wan na call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wan na go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug.
I got a chopper on the way, lots of time.
The last modern thing I liked was the miniskirt. Your technology, now, nobody understands it, and that's the simple fact of the situation.
Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream. I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People.
Look, the other day I saw a commercial on television, some kid playing with a couple of puppies. I cried for 45 minutes. Slap a pair of tits on me, I'm a woman!
Hey listen, I didn't know your mama was comin'by ... Sister!
Okay, but what you don't know is that I've brutally murdered thirty-three people for the CIA.Y'know, I came up with a new game show idea recently. It's called The Old Game. You got three old guys with loaded guns on stage They look back at their lives, see who they were, what they accomplished, how close they came to realizing their dreams. The winner is the one who doesn't blow his brains out. He gets a refrigerator.
I was lost in oblivion -- dark and silent and complete.
But I have no plans to be around for you.
I'll put my foot down; So shall it be - This is the land of the free. The last man nearly ruined this place He didn't know what to do with it. If you think this country's bad off now Just wait'till I get through with it. The treasury is low on dough; The last man went and flew with it. If you think we're short of money now Just wait'till I get through with it. The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait'till I get through with it. In our midst you stand The ruler of this land A man who'll govern with an iron hand. If anyone gets fresh with me, I'll show him who's the boss; I'll stand upon my dignity, And toss him for a loss.
I feel like I'm Han Solo, and you're Chewie, and she's Ben Kenobi, and we're in that fucked up bar.
He's tough, your American friend.
... and although I have not been willing to engage in his attacks on me, I've been here three years and three days, and I can tell you without hesitation: Being President of this country is entirely about character. For the record: Yes, I am a card- carrying member of the A.C.L.U. But the more important question is why aren't you, Bob? This is an organization whose sole purpose is to defend the Bill of Rights, so it naturally begs the questions. Why would a senator, his party's most powerful spokesman and a candidate for president, choose to reject upholding the Constitution? If you can answer that question, then, folks, you're smarter than I am, because I didn't understand it until a couple of minutes ago. Everybody knows American isn't easy. America is advanced citizenship. You got ta want it bad,'cause it's gon na put up a fight. It's gon na say, `` You want free speech? Let's see you acknowledge a man whose words make your blood boil, who's standing center stage and advocating, at the top of his lungs, that which you would spend a lifetime opposing at the top of yours. You want to claim this land as the land of the free, then the symbol of your country can't just be a flag; the symbol also has to be one of its citizens exercising his right to burn that flag in protest.'' Show me that, defend that, celebrate that in your classrooms. Then you can stand up and sing about the land of the free. I've known Bob Rumson for years. I've been operating under the assumption that the reason Bob devotes so much time and energy to shouting at the rain was that he simply didn't get it.
See that glow flashing in the corner of your eye? That's your career dissipation light. And it just went into high gear.
Jesus, I can't even despise myself with any insight. Insane asylums are filled with people who think they're Jesus or Satan.
Every reading I'm getting says normal. Oceans, land masses ... no tectonic instability or radiation.
Had the boys follow us. Marvelous! `` At twoo'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied:'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.''' Beautiful!
Damn, Sal, put some more cheese on that motherfucker.
Well, let's see now ... If it has my name on it, then I guess it's mine.
Somebody tell a joke!
But there is an answer I would like to have.
No, that usually never happens.
You're lime green jello and you can't even admit it.
Botco International.
You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin'up your foam rubber ass! I'm going on safari, motherfucker ... safari! Congratulations on your little ice show.
What are you starin'at, you bald- headed Jew prick?! Sue me, you Jew fuck!
You're a dirty old man.
Boundless human stupidity.
Goddam it, Spock, you're talking about the end of every life on Earth!
I wan na kill the friggin'moron who broke the mirror.
If you wanted a toothbrush, I wouldn't ask questions. I'd just quote a price.
You shouldn't be callin'people ugly little shrimps. Oscar. Unless you're referrin; to the family resemblance in your brother here.
him, talking very, very Me, Grimlock, not `` nice Dino!'' Me bash brains!
-- where are you, Fran?
Because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes. If it's a strange place.
Don't take off my foot. You rest easy son ... you'll keep you're foot. As God is my judge, you'll keep it.
If there is a War on Drugs then our own families have become the enemy.
You're a known hijacker. You're sweating like a guilty motherfucker. That's my p.c. Save us the time. Tell us where the truck is.
Love was never our problem. All you need is love. John Lennon.
May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters.
You look beautiful.
It'll set you free, but first it can really piss you off.
Look at me, jerking off in the shower. This will be the high point of my day.
The day the earth stood still But he told us where we stand Science Fiction - double-feature Dr X will build a creature See Androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh - at the late night, double-feature Picture Show.
But I keep thinking that death is far too merciful a fate for you, and that a nice petite white-bread boy like you in a federal penitentiary ...
Bazooko Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich. A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
As a person, not just a girl I made love to for four minutes the other night. And I'm scared of what's happening to you. You're acting really fucked up.
Look you are being attacked! And with the blood ... it will be a good effect: Undo your dress. This part, I want to see your arms.
When all the men are dead you will take your share of the treasure?
All I'm saying is, let's not panic here!
When I was your age, they would say, we become cops or criminals.
Oh save us.
I want no humming in the house.
I know better than to argue romance with a French woman.
Here it is: I'm going to soak the fat boys and I'm going to spread it thin.
We'll continue this some other time.
Doris is the soul of this band! That bus has been our home since we were the Jeff Bebe Band.
No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext.
You know, Carl. These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories.
It can't rain all the time.
When you're married forty years, you know all that don't amount to a hill o'beans!
If she had that shit - and mind you, I said `` if'' - it was just her shit to get high with. Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
... But because I am a just man, I've decided to give Mr. Hussein what he deserves.
You wan na kiss my ass or suck my dick?
Damn!
And yet, in the midst of our sorrow it should be noted that this death takes place in the shadow of new life, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave his own life to protect and nourish. He did not feel that sacrifice a vain or empty one -- and we will not debate his profound wisdom, in these proceedings. Of my friend, I can only say this, that of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most -- -- human.
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
I don'tnorm'lly need two shots, Riley.
Oh, it's a plot, I see it now, it's all a plot. Now, come on, I've got the key.
You know, this reminds me of the time we were talking about something and then just started kissing ... Do you really not believe in God?
No one knows what caused it, but police have not ruled out the possibility of terrorists.
YOU MAY CALL US THE GOODY GOODY TWO SHOES BUT WE'RE HERE TO CHEER YOU WITH THE GOOD NEWS THAT D-E-N-T-O-N GETS T-E-N THAT'S
Well, Rick, you're not only a sentimentalist, but you've become a patriot.
They smell like death ... I had two brothers die young. But let me tell you, there are worse things than death.
They looked dirty. I, I think I saw a bug in them or something.
I don't know whether I like it very much being seen around with an angel without any wings.
Inc. Be all that someone else can be.
Don't bother to scream.
Must've had too many peanuts on the plane. You sick fucking fuck! That was too goddamn fucking far!
Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
Look, I don't want to do this anymore.
All they ever did was make fun of him.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils.
It's a lifetime's work. It may be work but it's not honest work.
Never, but I've been practicing.
I want to build something, make things grow. That takes hard work -- a lifetime of it. That's not why men come to a pretty woman.
I wish I'd have went with more Catholic school girls when I was a kid.
If you say our names we'll have to kill all these people Archie.
Jesus!
All you got ta do is shoot me an'you an'English Bob can ride out free as birds.
Bud, let me tell you something.
I'm a real good interviewer.
Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat. That's the secret. You got ta play this game with fear and arrogance.
I want every part of this ship checked.
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes aboutever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
haha How dare you treat my friends so shamefully.
You are a perfectly healthy, sane, middle-class male. Yet last month, you ran a straight razor across your wrists. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die, or did you just want some attention? Tonight, youll show me. The irony is that if you want to die, you just have to stay where you are. But if you want to live, youll have to cut yourself again. shot of Paul waking up in the cage, looking around, scared and confused. The shots go back and forth between the detectives and the Paul flashback, with him grabbing and shaking the razor wire, screaming. His screams sound distant Find the path through the razor wire to the door.
Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a pineapple up Hitler's ass at fouro'clock. This was a very difficult decision, because I have three wonderful sons.
I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
Happy birthday, Euclid.
I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures? We'll be back.
I requite to shadow's solace and dark of the night .... Sunshine is my destroyer!
The Durango-95 purred away real horrorshow - a nice, warm vibraty feeling all through your guttiwuts. Soon it was trees and dark, my brothers, with real country dark. We fillied around for a while with other travelers of the night, playing hogs of the road. Then we headed west, what we were after now was the old surprise visit, that was a real kick and good for laughs and lashing of the ultra-violent.
You know, I don't get out to the movies much.
They're kissing again, do we have to hear the kissing part?
Frank opens the other end of the coffin and looks at his dead lover.
I can't do that.
This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
While I was tryin'to figure out why the guy was sayin'what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin'back and back until one of you is dead. Listen ...
God, I still miss him.
There is now a level zero.
I hear you've been looking for me.
Listen, I'd rather go back in than whore for you ...
You're a curious man.
Hey Peter man! Check out channel nine! It's a breast exam!
You're not a killer.
If you can't control em', we will.
Yeah.
You know ... I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and, uh ... if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin'head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin'out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin'out of your coma. And guess what? I'll split your fuckin'head open again. Because I'm fuckin'stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail.
Each word has been cut from a different page and is in a different typeface.
I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA.
This simple feeling ...
You're telling me Tell-A-Son boy is a genius.
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
Get on with it then.
To infinity and beyond!
Hey, shoot a nuke down a bug hole, lotta dead bugs, am I right? I just hope it's not over before we get in it! Some say the bugs were provoked by human attempts to colonize within the AQZ, that a `` live and let live'' policy is preferable to war with the bugs ...
Anytime you think I'm being to tough, anytime you think I'm being unfair ... QUIT! Grab your gear and take a stroll down `` Washout Lane''.
I'm gon na do the best I can Release me fast or you will have to Answer for this heinous act Oh, brother, you're something You put me in a spin You aren't comprehending The position that you're in It's hopeless, you're finished You haven't got a prayer'Cause I'm Mr. Oogie Boogie And you ain't going nowhere Think of us as you soar triumphantly through the sky outshining every star. Your silhouette a dark blot on the moon, you who are our pride, you who are our glory, you who have frightened billions into an early grave.
If this is a crush ... then I don't know if I could take the real thing if it ever happens.
All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that `` om''! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says, `` the more you eat, the more you want ....'' ... I got things to do.
With my prospects few, I took a job as a travelling salesman.
N/A
Air Force One. Air Force One.
Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your Captain.
Yeah we do.
Oh, you should try talking to it. They can apparently hear speech in there, even though it sounds all ten thousands leagues under the sea.
If that's love, I'll take infatuation. Cameron's never been in love. At least no one's ever been in love with him. He's gon na marry the first girl he lays. And she's gon na treat him like shit because he's gon na kiss her ass for giving him what he's built-up in his mind as the end-all, be-all of human existance. She won't respect him because you can't respect someone who kisses your ass.
You better hurry.
To be able to do that.
I know he is ill.
Whether I see them or not, whether a man dies, or a war is won.
Got something to write on?
You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones.
There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
Well you're right, Walter, and the unspoken Message is FUCK YOU AND LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE.
Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth.
For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
I was dead.
You know not what you do!
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
People are casually dressed, having fun.
Hey look, we're upside down.
I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
Now the only thing that gives me hope Is my love of a certain dope Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. I'm just seven hours old Truly beautiful to behold And somebody should be told My libido hasn't been controlled Now the only thing I've come to trust Is an orgasmic�rush of lust Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. It's beyond me Help me Mommy I'll be good you'll see Take this dream away What's this, let's see I feel sexy What's come over me Here it comes again. I feel released Bad times deceased My confidence increased Reality is here The game has been disbanded My mind has been expanded It's a gas that Frankie's landed His lust is so sincere. What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same. Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
Mabel, that guy's either the dumbest, the stupidest, the most imbecilic idiot in the world - or he's the grandest thing alive.
Enjoying it then, my darling?
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
opened the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy- two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. In the next few weeks, it became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives but the dregs of his jail population. 3y the time the port was closed 125,000'Marielitos'had landed in Florida. An estimated 25,000 had criminal records. This is the story of that minority -- those they call'Los Bandidos.
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died. We were all buried there. Buried under the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life. You had a girl.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you. I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home. When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there.
You can fight a lot of enemies and survive but if you fight your biology you always lose.
I've had my finger in my ass but I wouldn't say I've had anal sex.
I'm driving.
Can't a man get a little goddman peace in his own home!
I hope one of'em rips the other one's shirt off and we see some tit.
-- I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
The train rushes over head.
You take care of me, Simon. You've always taken care of me.
You know, you and Herman deserve each other.
Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat! I hate to say this, but this place is getting to me. I think I'm getting The Fear.
Or maybe I can just ride you.
It's tragic.
I coulda got killed same as everybody, and I'm wanted by the law same as everybody. Besides I coulda got snake bit sleepin'in them woods every night! I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth. And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time. I deserve mine!
See you later, dudes!
I did it for you.
A serious-as- fuck bomb in the boiler room that'll set off a pack of thermals upstairs.
All the towns in America, I had to move to the Bermuda triangle.
I mean, we know a lot of the same people. Actually, that all depends. What am I going to do with forty subscriptions to Vibe? I wish we had never done this.
The look on your hard-ass former CO's grill when he finds out he's your junior officer: priceless.
... I'm all shot to hell.
Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
Don't let'em in your mouths! They wanted us to eat'em!
Beth, I want you to listen to me. Get Tim and get out of that house.
How many times I got to tell you?
You think you can kill me with lousy bullets hunh?
I can not see his color. It is best to be direct at moments such as these.
I love it.
I'm three months away from the pay increase, Jerry.
You got yourself the best fish in the sea. I wonder what it'd be like to be a woman.
May I deliver them to the state of enlightenment.
There was never any physical evidence that I had anything to do with that .. that .. With that exceptional piece of work.
Working pretty late aren't you, Mr. Neff?
But the most we can hope for is to get ya buried in secrecy so yer grave don't get violated!
Operation: interference.
... what have you done to me ... All Combat takes place at night, in the Rain, and at the Junction of four Map Segments ...
Why do they always run?
Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis'girlfriend.
I know ... I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you ... is treason against my heart.
To show these kids that the example he sets is a first class ticket to nowhere.
As the poets have mournfully sung, Death takes the innocent young, The screamingly funny, The rolling in money, And those who are very well hung.
Well that's all I ever hook up with. But this betty blew'em all away in the shitstorm sweepstakes. Her name's Danica Talos.
Rachel, I'm not sure.
She's got a bone in her teeth now, eh, Mr. Murdoch.
I don't think I can do this.
A jet.
My things are where I left them.
You know this has nothing to do with age. This is about you flying a goddamn computer console when you wan na be out hopping Galaxies.
That's not funny!
You people have been chosen to reveal our existence to the world. You will witness what happens here today and you will tell of it afterwards.
We're really takin'a pounding.
We need to keep Israel sequestered in that penthouse.
Nothing personal, babe.
Girls like that.
I'll whisper sweet nothings in your cleavage And you can kiss me gently with your tongue And I'll make love to you so deeply That you'll feel pressure clear up to your lungs. < /b > I don't know but I've been told- I DON'T KNOW BUT I'VE BEEN TOLD!
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
If you're still interested, let me know.
Because I'm losing all this ...
I refuse to discriminate between modes of knowing. And you can't smoke in here anymore.
Did I ever tell you I've been struck by lightning seven times. Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
I've only managed to change a few things around the city of Beijing. I want to know your secret. Secret, Mr. Chairman? How a fat man gets so many girls. Power, Mr. Chairman, is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
Stay away!
Yeah.
Unicron, my `` master,'' with this I shall make you my slave!
Dr. Wigand would like to leave now.
Dr. Jonas, there's something else you should see.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.
Normally I don't meet people, unless I know them already.
My whole body's just a-quivering with cleanness! John: here.
Well, this is a temperate zone. The swallow may fly south with the sun, or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot lands in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.
harness the beast that rages in his soul.
Life again. open your eyes.
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog.
We are but forty men.
It is a strange world.
I was a rookie third round pick in'93.
You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker!
Jesus lives, Luis.
... fuck me fuck me fuck me ...
I was just passing this store on Columbus Avenue and it caught my eye.
Ah, young love.
A hell of a thing.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid ... with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men ...
`` Groupies.'' This is Penny Lane, man. Show some respect.
If a guy fuckin'tripped over a fuckin'banana peel, they'd bring me in for it.
I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain.
I know your name. The rake: there's a rooster devil, I'm sure of it.
Hey Travis. This here's Easy Andy. He's a travelling salesman.
Yeah, among others.
I put a bird on my head.
God help me.
You mean because you thought I was cocky Im now on a permanent acid trip?
I was takin'a crap.
Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her. You know -- it's not every day you find a girl who'll flash her tits to get you out of detention. You can't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up, you know.
It's crazy, rude, self-absorbed - but it's love. That's not love.
As in `` moron''?
All I am is what I have.
Just your random bad cheese trying to hole you.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two. I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is. But Captain Best is already known as a valiant soldier, and is famous as a man of fashion in London. It is mighty well of you to fight farmers'boys, but to fight an Englishman is a very different matter. Suppose, now, Roderick, you, who are such a hero, was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side.
Let me rephrase.
Can I come in?
Well, I have to file a claim ... The things you own, they end up owning you.
A brief lesson in survival on this world or any other.
Not on the charts.
Well now, Launcelot, Galahad, and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the French by surprise, not only by surprise but totally unarmed!
You're on camera, Mr. President.
We were eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked.
Hoover knew a lot of gangsters.
Listen to me.
Where are you?
You look like a loved kid.
Like that.
But the only problem with an honest buck is they're so hard to make. The margins are too low. Too many people are doing it.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
As good as Hopkins?
I think it would be best if you didn't contact me again.
Guys ... Anne Kronenberg. She's a woman ... A woman who likes women.
Never missed a plane yet.
Lieutenant Dan, ice cream. It's time for your bath, Lieutenant.
Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out - hey, that rhymes - blew Beaumont's brains out.
There are some men, once they get a whiff of it, they'll trail you like a hound. I'm not that eager.
-- all right -- I'll be down in a minute.
Why don't we just skip dinner7'Fucker gets more pussy than a toilet seat. Take off my clothes.
Come to me, Son of Jor-El!
Practical joke by the Great Attractor.
You're nine hours behind the toughest target you've ever tracked.
Some ideals are worth dying for, aren't they, Jean Luc?
You know I'm a sucker for a soft dick.
Nightmares are forever.
I knew it.
I'm a hard worker and a fast learner. Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die.
So many years, so fast.
This could be the best year ever.
It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan.
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness.
It's astounding Time is fleeting Madness takes its toll But listen closely Not for very much longer I've got to keep control.
My stupid little roller-skating joke. I should never tell jokes. Mom can tell'em and Hannah, but I kill'em. Where did April come up with that stuff about Adolph Loos and terms like `` organic form''?
Corn dog!
I have to do some things.
I demand- We're going to check out the probe ship.
He'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air ...
-- you double-checked both sources?
All vehicles close in.
Since when do they let them wander around?
You and I share the same DNA.
And I will give your friends a swift execution, if you surrender now.
He fell.
I don't want to devalue your victory, but I just want you to know: I wasn't trying to win. Victory is the same as defeat.
Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, `` Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.'' Don't be resigned to that.
Never!
What is your damage little boy? You've got a sick and twisted world perspective.
All units will be informed.
I won't tell you you can save yourself because you can't.
Marlowe is dead.
I've got immunity now.
Her mother My life is but to serve you, my lord.
Nietzche said `` all great things must first wear monstrous and terrifying masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity''
Listen Leonard, you want some furniture or a shitbox, they're out on the sales floor.
So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen? I think it's better if we find this man before he finds us again.
Who pays the price later? You.
One, two, Freddie's coming for you, three four, better lock your door, five six, grab your crucifix, seven eight gon na stay up late, nine ten, never sleep again ... Nancy!
What is this, The Shitting Forecast?
Jules, if you give this nimrod fifteen hundred buck, I'm gon na shoot'em on general principle. You ain't gon na do a goddamn thing, now hang back and shut the fuck up. Besides, I ain't givin'it to him. I'm buyin'somethin'for my money.
There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidence.
He said, `` No little bitch can ever make me come.'' So you're the new chicken licker.
This fish wasn't caught. It died of cancer!
A prison's still a prison, even with Chinese silk and chandeliers.
Youll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Who is yo'daddy?
You tell him I'm not interested in being lunch!
I trust you'll find yourself at home.
I will stop the dogs!
I am the Great and Powerful -- Wizard of Oz.
Grins like a baby and bites like a'gator.
Shut it, otherwise you will get hurt.
There's nothing tragic about being fifty - not unless you try to be twenty-five.
I'm gettin'a vision!
Don't take it out on me because you feel guilty for what happened to Rex.
I'm not sure we can afford to have the `` appearance'' of a war.
God, if you ever get me outta this, I swear I will never masturbate again! So.
You got what you deserved, Zero.
] I'm detective Jones.
Alright, asleep or awake, I'm gon na punch his ticket in.
It's a hard world for little things.
You're just as crazy as your mama. Goes to show it's in the genes! Do you have any idea what you're getting into, my man? You think Jack Ruby just up and died of cancer in four weeks after he gets a retrial? That's some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's a `` going out of business cancer''. You got the right ta-ta, but the wrong ho-ho.
You can either lament over our mass transit folly, or you can listen to my suggestion.
My big toe would make a better President!
doncha you got some drugs for this poor man .... Don't touch that switch!
Well, I'm too young for this shit. Page 122 I should be out there having a youth. Getting high, making women pregnant.
Chilton does enjoy his petty torments.
You never used to say `` fucking''. It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it.
No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
They're moving him to the Federation funny farm.
If I am to change this image, I must first change myself.
There's no foreseeable danger ... and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
It will never make house Beautiful.
She's obsessed with dogs ...
Why the hell is it eating up all those satellites like that?
She violently PLUNGES the stylus into the girl's forehead She's dreaming.
Macbeth.
James. You can't kill me. Not in cold blood.
You got the wrong idea.
It's a veddy small island in de Caspian Sea.
I want to tell you my secret now.
So there's three more people we can easily lose.
I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
Anyways, I ain't stealin'no ship.
Why are you wasting your time out there in the boondocks?
I think it's more like Banky's having a problem with all things not hetero right about now. And I'm just another paradigm of said aberration. Banky does not hate gays, you know that.
It's time to die.
This R2 unit has a bad motivator.
There's never been a Morocco. There's not even a Penny Lane. Idon'teven know your real name. If I ever met a guy in the real world, who looked at me the way you just looked at me ... When and where does the real world occur? I am really ... confused here.
Well, tell that stupid mick he just made my list of things to do today. I'm going to pop a cap in his ass.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was.
They been pressuring me ta close and take the last few days ta get all my shit outta here but it's my right to stay open ta the last.
One by one, our old friends are gone. Death, natural or not, prison, deported. Our friend in Miami is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.
40 PEOPLE in a THEATRE designed for 500.
Damn baby girl, you makin'a nigga fall hard now.
They have an expression in prizefighting: `` everyone has a plan until they're hit.'' You've just been hit ... ... the getting up is up to you ... Gentlemen, there's no sickness smell at all here, and little blood. When we leave, close the gate securely, don't open it til morning and keep your fires high.
I don't know. Relationships seem too distracting.
The date of your birth. The year of your death.
They grew you in a fucking lab. But only God can make a tree.
That one counts as mine!
There are two kinds of people in Alaska. Those who were born here and those who've come here to escape something in their lives.
our destiny is complete.
More of this is true than you would believe.
Half of writing history is hiding the truth.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch ... And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
Never doubted you for a second.
Oh boy.
The next time you're going to do anything, or say anything, or buy anything, think it over very carefully, and when you're sure you're right -- forget the whole thing.
And, even as I fell, I knew I wouldn't die.
Don't worry, we call the shots around here.
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
God save me and watch over you all.
Maybe I ain't much else, but I'm sure a worrier.
If I was you guys, I'd confront Holden McNeil and ask him for my movie check.
If you can convince them to come.
Hey don't let him lie to you like that. Unh?
I know my rights.
Vernon cans'port'em and buy'em lessons on the clarinet! The only good thing you ever did for the gals was get his by that train!
... and of course, the top story is still the sensational theft of the new Improbability Drive prototype ship Heart of Gold last week, stolen at the launch ceremony by none other than Galactic President Zaphod Beeblebrox. So, in the name of the people and freedom and, I dunno, democracy and stuff like that, I hereby declare this ship officially stolen!
I can watch all my shows after homework.
I don't even know you.
Anyone found bipedal in five wears his ass for a hat.
I'm gettin'kind of fond of you, kid.
Oh my God.
We thought you might've gotten caught.
Let's take our neighbor out.
... You said it ... six-four, blue eyes, doesn't drink, tells the truth ... Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secret of the universe.
... always said dyin'was a part of life.
So, you're Judy's little sister.
Oh my dear God ... Stella! Stella!
Ahh fuck it, let's go bowling.
... Gentlemen, this sort of behavior does you no credit in the eyes of your colleagues, or in those of the other patrons of this waffle house!
She designs naughty lingerie, among her many talents.
If you don't do the right thing for these people, getting that 6 million dollars is gon na feel like shit. I knew I put up with your bullshit for a reason.
Because she is brilliant. The rules of haircare are simple and finite. Any Cosmo girl would've known.
Mr. McDunnough wet hisseff, Daddy!
Is this national security stuff boring you?
Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
Used to be a nice place until they turned it into low rent housing. Now it's a dump. I wouldn't live there if you paid me.
They're gon na fight, they got Myers and Thromberg doing their legal, they make Nazis look like nice guys ...
`` Springtime for Hitler,''
Just mail him his clothes.
There is no such thing as level zero.
God damn it, that motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
Astrotrain, take off. as he lies on an improvised bier-like platform, a profusion of electricity discharging tubes and `` plasma''
You know, I simply love what you've done with this place.
Wow, I guess you CAN do that!
Dr. Kang, is it safe to say that someone inflicting this kind of wound intended to kill?
Something's wrong with me.
Maybe if we work at it we can get Dawson charged with the Kennedy assassination.
WELL FIRST YOU GO RIP RIP RIP THEN YOU GO SNIP SNIP SNIP THEN YOU WHIP IN A ZIP ZIP ZIP AN'YOU SPLIT IT UP TO THE HIP HIP HIP AN'AS YOU STRIP STRIP STRIP YOU QUIVER AND SHIVER FOR THAT SOFT CARESS AS YOU SLIP SLIP SLIP ...
And they think it's cute.
My name is Pavel Chekov. I am a Lt.
I'm gon na squish the little son of a bitch!
Yeah, you're acting like we all just got theDiff'rent Strokes curse or something.
Somebody get me a goddamn wheelchair.
Are you fucken with me, or are you done fucken with me? Because I've just `` financialized'' the problem, and you've just become more trouble than you're worth.
Let de white boy carry his ass, he this dude that got him fucked up. Who'd be hauling his ass if that was a brother laying there?
Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
Target was destroyed.
Oh Gomez, don't torture yourself.
I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK? It's not in the cards that I die on a luxury cruise ship ...
Well, that's what's left after me saying, `` When I was in China on the All-America Ping-Pong Team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flex- O-Ping-Pong Paddle.'' Which everybody knows it isn't true, but Momma says it's just a little white lie so it wouldn't hurt nobody.
I love this dirty town.
I am no tree.
We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people. You love your sister? You make any noise, know what happens? Old fuck.
If you think you can get away from it. But beware the risk of cheating the And you don't even want to fuck with I'm sorry we broke in.
Enjoy.
Never surrender!
N/A
Look, let me explain something.
Talk to me, bro.
When you're little, you have more endurance than God is ever to grant you again?
Airight so this is the world and there are five billion people on it. When I was a kid there were three.
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world ... And I'm going to build things. I'm going to build air fields. I'm going to build skyscrapers a hundred stories high. I'm going to build a bridge a mile long.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it.
You go ahead.
Dig in, lad. Hearty fare breeds hearty people. Haute cuisine breeds degenerates.
Nicky, I let my butterflies die once upon a time and it's never stopped hurting. That's right, you heard me, Holly.
This is Channel 6, Saigon.
That's all the gusta you can musta?
The past.
I sat in the second carriage because I thought you might kiss me.
... Stay in school an'use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an'forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an'smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!
You have chosen wisely. But the Grail can not pass beyond the Great Seal. That is the boundary and the price of immortality.
Pull an arm.
Congratulations!
Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.
They shot out one of his tires and he went over a cliff at hundred and fifty miles an hour. They found him in the morning with a broken skull, six fractured ribs and second- degree burns.
... You went to school, of course, but you didn't take to it much'cause you was a lot smarter than everybody else anyway.
I like your immensities. Your ocean is an image of eternity, I think.
`` Am I really seeing what I'm seeing?''
Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive once. But now she looks a hobbit. The fat one that was in The Goonies.
If you don't answer, fully and truthfully, you will suffer much more than you have to.
They don't know him.
I'd better get over to that input/output tower and let him know.
Excuse me ... but what is the real issue here?
My boy, we are Pilgrims in an unholy land.
We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
No money, no weed; it's all been swapped for a pile of corpses.
We'll make sure she gets it.
My agenda is to watch your back.
The Great Mother may choose to save all that she is -- -- in this body.
Has anyone seen my bigger knife?
Listen Don't you ever let anybody tell you you have a handicap.
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Get that dirty old man out of the operating room!
When he is the kind of man that everyone speaks well of and no one wants to talk to.
I don't like people looking at me like that.
I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey.
Jesus, bad waves of paranoia, madness, fear and loathing -- intolerable vibrations in this place. Get out! The weasels were closing in. I could smell the ugly brutes.
The one place in Middle-earth we dont want to see any closer, and the one place were trying to get to. Its just where we cant get. Lets face it, Mr. Frodo, were lost. I dont think Gandalf meant for us to come this way.
... No electricity, and all these mirrors ... You know, I live in Brooklyn near a Jewish neighborhood, and when someone dies, they cover all the mirrors in their house. Some say that it's just to renounce all vanity during the mourning period, but others say something else ... They say it's to keep the soul of the dead from being trapped in the mirrors ... Believe it or not, there's always a bit of truth in any superstition.
I don't usually talk so much.
I don't know.
Cancer of the prick.
A fellow your age, hiring an airplane to write:'Hildy: Don't be hasty -- remember my dimple.
You always had the heart.
Science Fiction - double-feature Frank has built and lost his creature Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet The servants gone to a distant planet Oh - at the late night double-feature Picture Show - I want to go - Ohh - To the late night double-feature picture show.
I'm not getting anything.
There's something swell about the spirit of Christmas, to see what it does to people, all kinds of people... Now, why can't that spirit, that same warm Christmas spirit last the whole year round? Gosh, if it ever did, if each and every John Doe would make that spirit last three hundred and sixty-five days out of the year, we'd develop such a strength, we'd create such a tidal wave of good will, that no human force could stand against it.
I've been sitting over there for forty-five minutes waiting for you to come talk to me.
all these beautiful things -- that don't belong to you ... What a lovely idea.
Why does everyone wan na see my schlong?
I have this chronic pain ... Eight years I'm waiting for some genius to notice it took me an hour to drive seven blocks.
Come in.
Yah-my ma's clothes all melted onto mine forming like this big polyester meteor in our closet,y'know? But, in some kinda weird miracle, our neighbor boy, Kenny Johanson, found my tap costume on the roof-a their trailer while he was settin'coon traps for his dad.
You didn't kill anybody.
We go out clean.
I was hoping you'd give me a bath ... I'm very, very dirty.
Dear, isn't our son swell?
If being crazy means living life as if it matters then I don't care if we are completely insane.
It was kinda different from the other one, but kinda the same. It was about a woman who was put upon. Whose job was a prison, and whose life had lost all meaning. Other people don't get her, especially her husband. One day she meets a boy who is also put upon, and they fall in love. After spending their whole lives not getting got, with one look they get eachother completely. In the end, the boy and the girl run away together in the wilderness, never to be heard from again. Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin'to tell you.
`` To whoever finds this note - I have been imprisoned by my father who wishes me to marry against my will.
And this is my receipt for your receipt.
Hello, Why-were- you-born.
She thinks my brother's all right, but she didn't expect much. It's what happens when you `` marry beneath yourself''
Try soemthing, Kristen.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud.
No, idealism is guilty, middle class bullshit.
They make a good double meat burger.
I know that sometimes the shit comes down SO heavy I feel like I should wear a hat.
This is not the Queen I love and serve.
Hey! I'm out!
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin'next door to me, comin'over watchin'the fuckin'Patriots'games and still workin'construction, I'll fuckin'kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin'kill you.
You should know better.
Great Spirit and the Maker of all Life ... ... a warrior goes to you swift and straight as an arrow shot into the sun. Welcome him and let him take his place at the council fire of my people.
When they look at me, they see what they are ...
It'd be like sleeping with Talia Shire in `` Rocky'' if you weren't Rocky. Charlie's in the fucking phone book. She has come to assume such an importance, I feel she should be living on Mars. She's an extraterrestrial, a ghost, a myth, not a person with an answering machine, in the phone book ... I call and hang up on her voice mail a couple of times, then I leave my name and number and throw in a `` long time-no- see ...'' I don't hear anything back from her for a few days. Now that's more like it, if you're talking about rejection: someone who won't even return your phone messages a decade after she rejected you. Can I help you?
Bullfight posters, or something.
I am not a bathroom attendant!
Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
That giggling, dirty- minded creature I'd just seen crawling on the floor.
A family member dies and you insult me.
My father never went to college, so it was really important that I go.
Superman! I'm up here, Superman!
The SOUND of a bowling ball.
Destroy the competition. I'll take you out of the game. Survival of the fittest, Max.
Looks don't concern me, Maestro. Only talent interests a woman of taste.
Lenny, I've always thought of you as the Dutch elm disease of my family tree.
I speak for all mediocrities in the world. I am their champion. I am their patron saint. On their behalf I deny Him, your God of no mercy. Your God who tortures men with longings they can never fulfill. He may forgive me: I shall never forgive Him. Mediocrities everywhere, now and to come: I absolve you all!
Don't move.
I feel like a horse's ass.
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives ... dressed head to toe in love.
I walked as I walked years before when my mind swam with guilt at the thought of killing.
We bend our knees in submission.
Do it.
Now you have me in a cage with a monkey and a gun to my head.
Why doesn't he just lick them when they walk by?
Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming.
There's something I need to tell you ... and God knows if I'll ever get another chance. No matter what happens, you have been and always will be my hero. And you have always been my guardian angel. I will never regret my life with you.
Ain't he the prettiest long-haired boyy'ever saw?
Over sixty years.
Really fucking awesome.
I told you today ... them's the rules.
They always let blind girls cut the line.
Since when do people around here have to ask permission to do anything?
The price of a drink let him decide who has lost his courage and his pride and who lies a govelling heap of clay not far removed from a beast today.- I hereby solemnly procaise, God helping me, to abstain from all di stilled, fer- mented and malt ligi34rs3 including wine, beer and cider, and to employ all proper means to discourage the Ilse of and.
Won't you even make a try for it, Mr. Andrews?
I saw the cut-marks on the bones.
Come on, snap to and make sail, you know how this works.
Second- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third - I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense.
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
Then do it!
OW!
You will face great difficulties, Holiness.
God forbid you ever get a real taste for Jewish skirt. There's no future in it. No future. They don't have a future. And that's not just good old- fashioned Jew-hating talk. It's policy now. `` Gloomy Sunday'' again.
... this is just the sort of thing Mafia people can do -- washing money, and things like that. We just don't know about these things because we're not criminals.
We don't make mistakes.
There's a police officer standing on the porch and I don't think he's going away.
I am fairly sure that Timothy and Evelyn are having an affair. Timothy is the only interesting person I know.
There be whales here!
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Would you like to go for a walk?
Go on, you crazy kid. With the exception of Miss Pryce, there is not a decent human being amongst you. Do you know what makes a human being decent? Fear. And therein lies the problem. None of you has anything to fear anymore. You rest comfortably in seats of inscrutable power, hiding behind your false idol, far from judgement - lives shrouded in secrecy even from one another. But not from God. I forgot my little voo-doo doll.
I was hiding under your porch because I love you.
Ellie ... this life doesn't last forever.
Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time? Of course I have a secret identity.
No, fish make love in it.
I never thought I'd be so happy to see those big bozos.
All that is visible must grow beyond itself and extend into the realm of the invisible.
Oh, good, you should be at tunnel. se one oomtutor to ooet one blast sections onsea'uenoe.
WE'RE GOING TO IMPLODE!
You crud chicken! You're wasting our time!
You're a fucking clone! You don't have shit!
I was born of heterosexual parents, I was taught by heterosexual teachers in a fiercely heterosexual society. So then why am I homosexual? And no offense meant, but if it were true that children mimicked their teachers, you'd sure have a helluva lot more nuns running around.
Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man.
You couldn't get anybody else?
The Shop Around the Corner is a true New York treasure.
Suck my dick, Suck my dick. Suck my dick.
I got ta deal with being the minority in the minority of the minority, and nobody's supporting my ass? While the whole of society is fawning over girls- on-girls, here I sit - a reviled gay man, and to top that off, I'm a gay black man - notoriously the most swishy of the bunch. Three strikes.
Just bullshit,y'know, everybody likes to make themselves out to be something more than they are. Specially in the homosexual underworld. But then when they got him I got real scared,y'know. Real scared. And that's when I got popped.
I know you're having fun, Cassius, but you got ta come back to Hell.
The problem is I think you're an overeducated, 27-year-old virgin who holds the hands of superstitious old women and promises them eternity.
With this level of matchy-matchy, we should be drinking peach schnapps under a bleacher somewhere. Ill teach you a trick. If you look people in the eye, theyll never even notice what you have on. What color are my shoes? You have feet? I understand how important this is to you, but you�re a beautiful woman and you�ve got everything in the world going for you.
Nothing good will come of this.
John The Apostle said: Behold there is a stranger in our midst, come to destroy us!
Never surrender!
Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind. They are only for you, for in them I mixed things that heal, but not too quickly; and things that make limbs sleepy, preventing escape, but keep one's mind sharp.
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass.
Over two trillion dollars was spent, hundreds of lives were lost, many more may be in jeopardy due to the almost incalculable worldwide psychological impact ... Are you going to sit there and tell us that we should simply take this all on faith?
I'm gon na kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
`` The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception.''
You'd be killing yourself to an empty house.
PappyO'Daniel was displayin'rectitude and high-mindedness when that pencil-neck you work for was still messin'his drawers!
Shut your raggedy ass up and sit down.
Oh.
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
His hand slips away, his blood leaving a distinct print on Mal's face.
Oh! Rapunzel! Rapunzel!
Well, matter of fact, I did lose my job today- Come on Hi.
You know the expression, let sleeping dogs lie? You're better off not knowing.
There are some people who say that life is an illusion, and that reality is simply a figment of our imaginations!
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
You are in the courtroom of world opinion right now, and you can answer yes or no. You have denied they exist, and I want to know if I have understood you correctly.
My little girls got in a fight over Tony Pee-Pants and they haven�t made up since.
There you are, ya little fucker.
Like everyone else, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct.
Like that ... You won't believe me, but the first time I met you I said to myself: `` My cousin Viridiana will end up playing cards with me.'' As L. A. P. D. officers gather evidence at this grisly crime scene, you can only ask yourselves what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crimes? The three adjectives which best describe this killer are sadistic, intelligent, and dangerous ... His body is a running back's.
It was a job. So I get sent to the only place in the world they call you nigger to your face.
Hello.
This is what my people died for. The right to make a movie in this town.
I am learning the Kiowa words for head, hand, horse, fire, coffee, buffalo, hello and goodbye.
The Master of the Revels despises us for vagrants, tinkers, and peddlers of bombast. But my father, James Burbage, had the first licence to make a company of players from Her Majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age. Their fame will be our fame. So let them all know, we are men of parts. We are a brotherhood, and we will be a profession.
It was good while it lasted.
Taking the fifty percent model, a Christmas Two would grow this country's annual per capita income by close to one-third.
Next time, remind me to do this out in the yard.
Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
I could never eat a bug.
See you in Hell!
It is up to the children to save themselves these days. Because the parents ... they don't have a clue. What's `` Cellar Door''? A famous linguist once said ... that of all the phrases in the English language, of all the endless combinations of words in all of history ... that `` Cellar Door'' is the most beautiful.
You're coming with us.
They said this one has a surprise ending.
You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
Have a nice stroll, asshole.
You don't want to die a virgin, do you?
Kate honey, I may be a bastard. But I'm not a fuckin'bastard.
Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
Well that's one way of looking at it.
They go round for miles and miles.
I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead!
You're new on Harry's team, aren't you?
I was abandoned repeatedly as a child. My mama'd drag me along to some new town so she could take up with another man she'd met. Night after night she'd lock me in the hotel room -- Mama'd turn the latch and tell the staff not to let me out no matter what.
Because you're an idiot.
I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a real screwball.
whose only form of expression's apparently limited to his left damn eyebrow -- has marooned me on Delta Vega in what I believe to be a violation of security protocol 49.09, governing the treatment of prisoners aboard a st
I hope I am always able to risk everything for the right and just cause. If we did not make this decision - we could never again call ourselves innocent.
See, I fell in love with The Big Apple last summer when I was visitin'my brother.
I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness news.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
Guess who is coming to dinner.
The Black Panther Party is not anti- white, you can not fight racism with racism.
Nothing.
I think I'd recognize an ape if I saw one. And the only thing I do recognize here is a political fiasco I'm, going to avoid by letting this butt-fucking Brady Bunch go! And I'll tell you another thing: what if that guy shows up around the stores one day and starts telling everybody you and me are poo-gilists?
I breathe your name in every exhalation.
All you people are so scared of me -- an'most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you got ta worry about now.
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back through time ... to change the future for one lucky lady.
I'm gon na kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
?
You killed two men, Ben Harper. That's right, Preacher. I robbed that bank because I got tired of seein'children roamin'the woodlands without food, children roamin'the highways in this year of Depression, children sleepin'in old abandoned car bodies on junk-heaps; and I promised myself I'd never see the day when my youngins'd want.
Don't go nowhere without me. I wan na have your love child.
Getting paid to be the asshole you always were.
They thought everybody on the train died.
This patient poses a grave danger, to himself and to others.
You will always be a child of two worlds. I am grateful for that. And for you. And not only because you are all I have left of her.
I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold.
Compensation for my brother-in- law's car.
You know, Ace could be a very touchy guy, especially when he got bigger and bigger in town.
I'm not much for inspirational addresses. I just wanta point out that every newspaper in the country has picked us to finish last. The local press thinks we'd save everybody a lot of time and trouble if we just went out and shot ourselves. Me, I like to waste sportswriters'time so I'm for hangin'around and seein'if we can give all these guys a nice big shitburger to eat.
Listen man, I didn't know you were in- Just choose something all right?
There has always been something wrong wif the tesses ... ... The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for. Sometimes I wish I was not alive.
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. The most popular people in the school are dead.
Saving someone's life is like falling in love, the best drug in the world. For days, sometimes weeks afterwards, you walk the street making infinite whatever you see. Once, for weeks I couldn't feel the earth. Everything I touched became light. Horns played in my shoes; flowers fell from my pockets ...
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car.
`` To be or not to be, that is the question''
Yup, that ought'a do it.
Things are all fucked up at the North Pole. Mrs. Santa, she ... she walked in on me fuckin'her sister. So I'm out on my fuckin'ass. She's taking half of everything ... This'll do.
Nice technique there ...
Love you madly.
You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy? I think the worst is over. It can always get worse.
Harold, it's Bateman. Patrick Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know-I've killed a lot of people. Some escort girls, in an apartment uptown, some homeless people, maybe five or ten, an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot, near Dunkin'Donuts. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun. and a man, some old faggot with a dog. Last week I killed another girl with a chainsaw-I had to, she almost got away There was someone else there, maybe a model, I can't remember but she's dead too. And Paul Owen. I killed Paul Owen with an ax, in the face. His body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here ... I guess I've killed 20 people, maybe 40-I have tapes of a lot of it. Some of the girls have seen the tapes, I even ... well, I ate some of their brains and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I just, well, I had to kill a lot of people and I'm not sure I'm going to get away with it this time-I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy.
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion .... 139 Come and get me, you son-of-a-bitch.
If you find my answers frightening, Vincent, you should cease askin'scary questions. I got ta take a shit.
Jesus jumped-up ... Bork, can you imagine what would happen if they set that thing off in our nation's capital, or even worse, if they sold it to some damned foreigner at that conference.
You cant do this. You cant keep coming in and out of peoples lives, messing things up ...
For Christ's sake, it soils my mother's memory. Do you think I want the whole goddamn world to see my mother like this? Raising a dirty mouth!
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
I just don't think it was a smoking hot idea to leave them up there alone.
I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing ...
Oh.
Someone once told me that to write well you have to write what you know. This is what I know. I am twenty five years old. I have never really kissed a guy. A geek to the core, most of my childhood years were spent doing extra homework I requested from the teacher.
Now that's a really big house.
You've poisoned me for the last time you wretched girl.
They just came out with this watch last month. But this one looks like it's been through a war.
I can explain.
If we don't strike soon, there may not be much of an America left to defend.
You know, Hayley, behind every great woman is a great first menstruation anecdote.
Frank turns to Brenda, gives her a wink.
He ain't your brother no more. That's a matter of opinion, and I don't give a fuck about your's.
She's dead ha-ha-ha-ha- ha-ha- Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- Soon all of you will be like me and then who will lock you in the cellar? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- Ash, I think I'm dying.
See, this is the problem with civilians wanting to go to war. When you've been there you don't want to go back unless you absolutely have to.
I call it'nutty'as my shit after I eat Almond Roca ... You need to remember who you're talking to ... I need to get my goddamn head examined. You can't rule something out on a whim. Or because she's cute.
My mom would kill me if she knew I took the Rover.
You did good today.
That son of a bitch ... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
Never seen it before in my life.
There goes your ride home.
I don't ... being bad feels pretty good, huh?
Well, I'm right here to tell you, mister, ain't nobody going to push me off my land! Grampa took up this land seventy years ago. My pa was born here. We was all born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn -- bein'born on it, and workin'it, and dyin'on it -- and not no piece of paper with writin'on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
Boys and girls and music.
Trinity!
Thas Miz Rain to me.
Well, the thing about life is ... it gets weird. See people are always gon na be talking to you about `` truth.'' Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit. Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another. So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's < u > your < /u > bullshit, so to speak.
My vows are mine and mine alone.
A lot better than the way that bitch is going to die.
Every four years I get less convinced of that. This young lady is Miss Linda James. She's managed by Manny Davis. I know Manny Davis. Everyone knows Manny Davis ...
'Cut from completed film.
I don't know who he is. But he's burned, he wears a weird hat, a red and yellow sweater, real dirty, and he uses some sort of knifes he's got made into a sort of ... glove. Like giant fingernails.
My dear Mrs. Hudson -- criminals are as unpredictable as head-colds.
- and we were quite a pair. Her believing in me.
... so rich?
Whatever you think you know about this man is irrelevant to the fact that he is wanted for acts of terrorism in more countries than any other man in the world. He is considered by many authorities to be the most dangerous man alive. My colleagues believe that I am wasting my time with you, but I believe you want to do the right thing. It is obvious that you are an intelligent man, Mr. Anderson, and that you are interested in the future. That is why I believe you are ready to put your past mistakes behind you and get on with your life.
No, I don't think he likes you at all.
I'll tell you right now that I'm in love with you ... but, be that as it may, I'm not here to force my twisted life into your soul. I know that ...
But the false promise of a new dawn is usually followed by a most bloody sunset.
Linton has set up a secret war committee, I just know it. I mean, Linton is an absolute lunatic, Liza. He is dangerous. The voices in his head are now singing barbershop together.
Along with the scorched bones of my entire garrison, sahib.
I'm Dan.
God bless you.
If you had any fuckin'heart at all, you'd be out fuckin'stealin'for a livin'.
Oh, no.
I'M FALLING!
Chip, the only cereal I know about is Rice Krispies.
I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass.
YOU STUPID BITCH! YOU'RE KILLING US! KILLING US!
You want to know what's wrong with our waterfront? It's love of a lousy buck. It's making love of a buck the cushy job more important than the love of man. It's forgetting that every fellow down here is your brother in Christ.
Why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here!
Oh, my!
It's about time you gave up on that stupid dream once and for all. No son of mine is going to be a career musician.
Okay, but what you don't know is that I've brutally murdered thirty-three people for the CIA.Y'know, I came up with a new game show idea recently. It's called The Old Game. You got three old guys with loaded guns on stage They look back at their lives, see who they were, what they accomplished, how close they came to realizing their dreams. The winner is the one who doesn't blow his brains out. He gets a refrigerator.
... No aunts, no uncles, no cousins?
You have no power here. Be gone, before somebody drops a house on you, too.
-- of course I can get us a table, Wolfgang and me, we're like that.
The bad news is we got six hours in this can, blowing down. The worse news is it's gon na take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
This is gon na ruin my whole day.
I'm going to have a lump there, you idiot! Who throws a shoe? You fight like a woman.
You have a responsibility to tell me.
Brain damage.
You're not my son.
Oh, shit.
Goddammit, Mac! Get that pig unfucked and get it in the treeline!
We joined the corps'cause we wanted to live our lives by a certain code. And we found it in the corps. And now you're asking us to sign a piece of paper that says we have no honor. You're asking us to say we're not marines. If a judge and jury decide that what we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever punishment they give.
'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down ... and I ain't gon na allow that. From none of you. Not one ...Y'all loved Elias, want to kick ass,I'se here - all by my lonesome, nobody gon na know.
That money better be where you said it was, Ipkiss or you can Ipkiss your ass goodbye.
They were like a family of farmers who've been given a giraffe, and don't know what to do with the creature except harness him to the plow. Hatred was the only thing that kept my soul alive in that soul-killing place. And among those men I hated was my own poor, dumb father. Who put me in that hell to begin with.
It means uncommon beauty is commonly overlooked. Most people only notice birds with the brightest colors.
Nothing exceeds like excess.
He's playing Lieutenant Dick Craig.
Look there.
It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice.
Me, I woulda thrown'em back.
Violence is a product of fear. Those who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person. Learn to truly love yourself ... and the world will be yours.
Before I told you how I cried when Peepers died.
Captain, one of the women passengers is very sick.
That is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Englishmen and Americans always say to French girls so that they can sleep with them.
... A girl in a trunk!
I mean, just now I could have made up some story, but I didn't.
I think, therefore I am.
She looks Reinecke square in the eye.
So many assholes, so few bullets.
No I just wan na know how one becomes a janitor because Andrew here, is very interested in persuing a career in the custodial arts ...
Why � Because you DON'T LISTEN!
Man likes to play chess.
You been using too damn much juice ... ten thousand kilowatts again this month. Beats me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.
You know what the definition of a hero is? It's someone who gets other people killed.
-- headed this way.
Kill me!
I was lost in oblivion -- dark and silent and complete.
I can give you one thing: he was in love with her.
They usually call death row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile, because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then. Old Sparky, we called it. I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey, and the two dead girls ...
Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind word about The Time! Me and Silent Bob modeled our whole fucking lives after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and Tubby here's my black manservant! What'd I tell you two about dealing in front of the store? Drop the kid and peddle your wares someplace else, burn-boy. And for the record, The Time sucked ass. Yo-youse guys wan na hear something fucked up about him and the Quick Stop guy?
Lorenzo Saint DuBois.
The modern synagogue grafted onto a patch of prairie.
`` How does she get all these guys to propose? She's not that beautiful.'' Bite me, paper boy.
I shoulda held on longer.
I've been told the best crackers in the world could do this in sixty minutes. Unfortunately, I need someone who can do it in sixty seconds.
Dawson's gon na go to jail just to spite me.
To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
So in the end, everyone gets everything he wants. That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me.
I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level. Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President? Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back? Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation? Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up? Could the Mob wreck the autopsy? Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude. Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules. This was a military-style ambush from start to finish ... a coupd'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings.
Honey, I'm home.
... Fourteen ball.
I don't know why I insisted!
You're going to die because you smoked 30 cigarettes a day since you were 15. And you're going to Hell because of the life you took. Or to put it in a way that your kind would understand. You're fucked.
I can't seem to keep track of time.
Dad!
Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up ... They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money.
Well, then here.
This picture's gon na make House Party look like House Party Two! Or House Party Three?
Some asshole wrote a poem about that once ... Probably good advice, if you have shit for brains. There he goes -- one of God's own prototypes -- a high powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live and too rare to die. We are all wired into a survival trip now.
Look but don't touch. Touch but don't taste. Taste but don't swallow. And while you're jumping from one foot to the other he's laughing his sick fucking ass off!
Well, you're not destroying me like you did my sister! These antidote filters the Professor's whipped up will let you to see them like I have since yesterday, as arachtoidal creatures. They won't be pretty, nothing personal, John Parker. But just remember ... if we fail tonight, there's no tomorrow. They will never surrender.
And who are these lovely ladies?
Have you come to make me a martyr?
Hyggelig a mote dem.
Filthy lucre?
This hospital is under new management, ladies and gentlemen. From now on, free care for everyone.
Jesus Christ, he isn't gon na try to sell you insurance, lift him.
Squash is often used as a metaphor to represent a struggle for personal domination.
I'm talking about America!
We both know you won't settle for less.
Use the comlink?
... blood, bodily fluid and death get to you? Try deep breathing.
And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred- Just one person.
I love thunderstorms.
You annoy me therefore I exist.
This pretzel tastes like a friggin'donut!
Father!
N/A
Mister Data, prepare to separate the ship. Now, if you'll excuse me, Captain, I have an appointment with eternity and I don't want to be late.
And down the stretch they come!
... deliver a huge UPPERCUT which ...
The only good bug is a dead bug!
And these shall be your minions ...
I'm prepared to scour the earth for this motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a cap in his ass. I'll take care of it.
Well, you don't have to start right now.
I figger if I'm gon na compete with your stuff it's got ta be about earth, fire or snakes. Don't underestimate Death.
So my kung fu might not be as good as later on.
I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead!
I'm not wrong.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid ... with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men ...
See if you can get a few of those TIE fighters to follow you.
The puddle man is outside, majesty.
These things are like smart bombs. Point`em in the right direction and shit gets real.
I am so happy. No one can be so happy without being punished. I will be punished and I should be punished.
You broke us! You broke us. What we had is broken! I changed who I was for you.
She was the oldest livin'Lutheran. Now she's dead as a doornail. It's them damn Shriners who ain't taken that Goddamn sign down yet - those lazy sons-a- bitches ... I tells kem, I tells kem every goddamn year, `` Take the Goddamn Freda sign down, you lazy sons-a-bitches!''
I recommend amputation.
The baseball bat is now pummeling the trunk. Wan na give me a push while you're back there?
Donuts and a smoke only get you so far. You're gon na have to do your job.
Hey Mikey; telephone. Some dame.
I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
I fully realize that a person who stands for what I stand for - an activist, a gay activist - becomes the target or potential target for a person who is insecure, terrified, afraid or very disturbed themselves ... As President of the Board of Supervisors, it's my duty to make this announcement. Both Mayor Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk have been shot ... and killed. GASPS from the REPORTERS.
A ten and you die without sen! You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing.
oh, and he thought the world of Buck, my daddy did, even knowing that Buck was serving time in jail.
The girls go to college, the boys go to jail.
Listen to me, Abbe, and listen well. I've stared into the face of evil ...
I've been over the whole house, even in rooms that have been locked ever since I lost Laura.
I know you think my dad's harmless, but you're wrong.
If it's closed on that day, those guys can't get blessed or whatever - right?
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it. The Enterprise has destroyed one of my ships. The other is on fire, requesting assistance. The Enterprise would only fire if it were defending itself.
Even the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, proof they were crafted by the honest, simple, hard-working indigenous peoples of wherever.
What Freud said about the Irish is We're the only people impervious to psychoanalysis.
My husband tells me you're in sharks.
I won't be any trouble.
As you can see, we've had our eye on you for some time now, Mr. Anderson.
I lead a lonely life.
You open that trunk, they go inside.
Oh, Jesus, Sally, you are such a Goddamned good person! Capital G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
We're gon na open that door and you'll both be frozen solid, but I wan na know that you've cut your own child's throat. It ain't over, motherfucker. You're gon na die screaming and I'm gon na watch.
It's safer to teach you English.
I will never forget these words: `` With great power comes great responsibility.''
Strong survival instinct.
Well, I mean, this is our last chance to think about it.
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me! That's the only reason! Without me, you, personally, every fuckin'wiseguy skell around'll take a piece of your fuckin'Jew ass!
You saw to that when you made me.
Look.
There would only be you and your memories ... the choices you've made and the people you've touched. The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged ... by which you must judge yourself. Because when this world ends, there will only be you and him ... and no one else.
For I have the strength of many.
And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
I tell you it's a whole different sex.
Take me!
Even the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, proof they were crafted by the honest, simple, hard-working indigenous peoples of wherever.
I myself shall play the role of James Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf Wtherich, sent over from the Porsche factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany. This mechanic was himself fated to die in a car crash in Germany twenty- six years later. And the third and in some ways most important party, the college student Donald Turnupseed, played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
Two halflings and a host of men at my call. The Ring of power within my grasp.
A bit farther to the west.
Listen! I'm going to take your family apart piece by piece.
Frank was too careful to die like that.
There you go, dork.
I have work .... I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing. I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win.
I'm feeling too good to fight with you, but that isn't what I said - I said you snoop.
You don't get it, he's after me ... Don't worry, honey I need to draw some blood ... Feeling better now?
That's for five years of hell.
Now, move, honkie! Before I cut your white ass!
Tell her that her daughter died with the Titanic.
A bran muffin in the morning would help with that.
Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother -- -- who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things.
Don't fucking ever hit a girl, man. Hit me, but don't fucking EVER hit a girl.
You're braver that I thought.
It's yours, a gift from me.'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is'- This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written -- type it!
So do you do anal? Is it true that chicks fart if you blast them in the ass?
I used to like to play with my Ken and Barbie dolls, Ken was my favorite. Then one Christmas I got them a camper, and all they wanted to do was hang out in it by themselves. So I wasn't too upset when they took that wrong turn and went over a cliff.
Well look at that. The Good Lord's a bit shorter than I reckoned.
You okay?
All they do is run around not mating! YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH I will make it up to you, Master.
This is the final cruise of the Starship Enterprise under my command. This ship and her history will shortly become the care of a new generation. To them and their posterity will we commit our future.
... Love that Joker!
A thousand dollars to the man who brings me Howard Cosell's toupee! Dead or alive! Don't bother me. I'm a world- famous broadcaster and you're an ex-champion with diminished skills.
I don't think that's a cloud ... Mathesar?
See ya in the funny papers!
... because like I said, it's a decision you'll have to live with the rest of your life.
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her.
There's a Retail Rodeo special on aisle three. Liquid drain cleaner. Two 12-ounce cans for $ 5. Liquid drain cleaner has churning power and will churn right through your pipes. Ladies, shove something clean and new up your filthy pipes. Liquid drain cleaner on aisle three. Have a good day and thank you for shopping at Retail Rodeo.
But it does not bother me Lucius.
From the sound of your footsteps, I gathered that you were not in a particularly amiable mood.
I didn't say a thing.
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny?
Well, we're up pretty high. Could take hours to get down.
I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
The old woman bends down, beneath Stephanie's view. Stephanie looks about. Where'd she go? The old woman pops up into view, raising a chunk of concrete and ... CRASHI Stephanie SCREAMS as the window shatters. The old woman's head juts into the cart She clamps her toothless maw down upon Stephanie.'s chin. Suckling it, gumming. The old woman's good eye rolls about in ecstacy. Stephanie SHRIEKS as she pushes the slobbering head away. Strands of spittle form a bridge from the old woman's mouth to Ste phanie's jaw.
Jesus Christ.
'Beware the beast man, for he is the devil's pawn. Alone among God's primates, he kills for sport, or lust or greed. Yes, he will murder his brother to possess his brother's land. Let him not breed in great numbers, for he will make a desert of his home and yours.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream. No wonder I'm fucking exhausted.
... a Caltech scientist who is among those They're acoustic shockwaves, like tsunamis, but with no seismological source.
Earth.
You may count on my steel.
Jesus, but if you two aren't the biggest fuck-ups I've ever seen in my life ... How did you ever rob a bank? When you robbed banks, did you have to look for your car then too?
I fear weakness does.
Yessir, happy to.
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
Don't you trust me, Pete?
Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream. I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People.
Would you like to try our new bacon and egg fajita just a dollar twenty-nine for a limited time only.
Because I've seen enough horror movies to know masked weirdos are never friendly.
I don't have a job, but I would have a job if you gave me one. And I may not have much, but I have more determination than any man you're ever going to meet.
Why is that funny?
Why settle for a peek when you can see everything from Lookout Mountain?
I love home movies, don't you? TIME IS TIGHT JANET DO IT RIGHT JANET UNTIL TOMORROW NIGHT, JANET. I won't be a party to this.
I been in jail four hundred years. I'll be in jail four, five more. But I ain't goin'ten thousand miles to help murder and kill poor people for you.'Cause if I'm gon na die, I'll die now, right here, fighting you. If I wan na die. You my enemy, not Vietcong or Chinese or Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. You want me to go somewhere for you, but you won't even stand up for me in America, for my rights and beliefs, you won't even stand up for me here at home.
You have the heart of a king.
It's a three-act story with a tragic end. Your mother is a rather miserable woman.
What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
Welcome back, Mr. Bingham. All the things you probably hate about travelling - The recycled air. The artificial lighting. The digital juice dispensers and mini pizzas stacked to their heat lamps are the warm reminders that I am home.
Have some brandy.
It must be the most marvelous supper. We may not eat it, but it must be marvelous.
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
... Do you realize I haven't gotten stoned since the trial started?
I hope you washed your ass this mornin -- it's never been kissed by a king before.
The second you don't respect this, it kills you.
We look like a cadet review.
staggers about in a frenzy, stumbling over logs and through the Dear God, it's growing bigger!
Breathe the free air again, my friend.
That maniac should be wearing a number, not a badge.
Her name is Hope.
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.
I have done that ... killed women and children ... I have killed most everything that walks or crawls an'now I have come to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.
I don't know.
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when it's lubricated.
My soul.
... are knee deep in whores.
It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
As a matter of fact I was.
You think she just woke up one morning and said, `` I think I'll go to law school today!''
Mock me.
My mother don't like her. She's a dog, and I'm a fat, ugly little man. All I know is I hadda good time last night. I'm gon na have a good time tonight. If we have enough good times together, I'm gon na go down on my knees and beg that girl to marry me. If we make a party again this New Year's, I got ta date for the party. You don't like her, that's too bad.
Did you ever feel as if your mind had started to erode?
All right, you two, move along.
Oh my God it's Watts.
They fought like warrior poets. They fought like Scotsmen.
There's only the disc.
I don't know.
Same drill as lunchtime.
It seems, however, that I really am the luckiest guy in the world. Several years of addiction right in the middle of an epidemic, surrounded by the living dead, but not me -- I'm negative. It's official. And once the pain goes away, that's when the real battle starts. Depression. Boredom. You feel so fucking low, you'll want to fucking top yourself.
If we don't battle to the death, they'll kill us both.
Listen, after you're elected senior queen you'll have so many boys after your bod -- I don't want to go out with anybody else.
I get darn sick of picking up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy that sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes. I've had twenty- six years of that, Walter, and I -- And you loved every minute of it, Keyes. You love it, only you worry about it too much, you and your little man.
Hell, World War II gave us the ballpoint pen. That's common knowledge. During wartime the national suicide rate goes down.
If I'm going in, I want a stake.
Stuttering Stanley!
You can see it out your window, or on your television. You feel it when you go to work, or go to church or pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth. What truth? That you are a slave, Neo. That you, like everyone else, was born into bondage ... ... kept inside a prison that you can not smell, taste, or touch. A prison for your mind. Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.
Don't worry boys, nothing to be nervous about, some of my Dad's best friends ended up here.
The `` Citizen Kane'' of gore movies.
Housekeeping.
Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
Y'see, I'm not a young thing any longer .... Funny the way things go.
Every man's got a breaking point.
Don't go out there!
I swear to God. When I think of all the times you were inside me promising me a better life, it makes me want to puke.
Admiral ... what happens if Reliant fails to follow us into the nebula? I think we can guarantee she'll follow us, Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
I am not joyless! There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, mister smarty man. There is plenty of joy in my life.
Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool? We've all done it. I'm not going through a lapse. What I've experienced is closer to awakening. I'm not trying to shake your faith. I've just decided not to devote my life to God anymore.
A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go.
And with friends like you, who needs friends?
If the sun rises in the morning, it is only because of men of goodwill. And that's all there is between us and the Devil.
The issue is whether you want to run a rehabilitation center or whether you want to run for office again. When I can walk, I'll run.
We're all counting on you.
Or will I be hearing next that I don't even have my sister's welfare at heart ... Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
You've got a `` salesman''
It was a nice funeral. Alma, I think there's some dirty business going on in this town. Always has been. This is maybe worse than you and I are used to. What I'm talking about, I'm talking about murder. Among other things.
I came to say goodbye.
You threaten me?! You threaten my family?! It never crossed my mind not to honor my agreement ... But I will tell you, Mr. Sandefur, and Brown & Williamson, too ... Fuck me?
Never, nothing will die. the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die.
I am not gettin'a job!
Well, it was everything we expected it to be.
She touches his cheek.
I brought it in the same time.
Pittsburgh is tough; so many bridges and tunnels they can block off.
he told me a thousand stories -- she was a wolf or an indian or a donkey.
Hey look, we're upside down. V0 Zoe and Mal shoot a look at Jayne. I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar.
Have you ever heard more bullshit and drivel from somebody who wasn't President?
Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
You always know best.
It's time to go to scatter the ashes.
John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch-shouldered and sharply handsome despite the fact that he is missing all his front teeth.
He's keeping his stash where it is, but he wants to bring in fifty thousand for bail in case he needs it.
I hope for your sake that you are initiating a mating ritual.
Unh ... unh ... unh ... I din't hear you wash your hands.
I am driving down the street with your head stuck in my window.
IF YOU HERE I'M GON NA POUND YOUR ASS!
I think ... I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it, I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do.
My God, you've gotten fat.
We should've gotten him a live chicken.
This is a true story!
I thought you were Feds myself, when you first came in.
Okay, buddy?
You tricked me into telling you shit I never told anyone. Now take it to your grave.
Ace gets a very guilty look.
It is a very great secret. I have told no one in the world for fear of discovery. My dear, I am the soul of discretion. If I dared tell ... I can assure you I am as silent as the grave.
I sure was surprised the day Lisa Flanagan asked me for a ride home and ended up blowing me.
Lying is always a very effective dating tool.
'Space, the final frontier ... These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise ... Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life and new civilizations ... To boldly go where no man has gone before ... Restrict search parameters to 1-9- 9-8 through 2-0-8-4.
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!
Did you know that LaPlante is a convicted criminal?
Welcome to Hell.
It's like a religion and in our house, the Major Sponsors are kinda like the devil.
You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread.
The people who had power over you have less and less. By this point, I could wiggle most of the teeth in my jaw. A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough.
God damnit!
Can I make a suggestion that doesn't involve violence, or is this the wrong crowd?
Hello.
If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream. Shit.
You won't laugh because it's not funny.
You know the ethics those guys have? It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.
You've heard of the golden rule, haven't you boy?
I mainly want to correct a major error that you people are basing a faith on.
There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to. When you get to my age, young man, you don't miss anything. Unless maybe it's a good drink of bourbon. Even that doesn't make much difference, if you remember there hasn't been any good bourbon in this country for twenty years.
John, I'm twenty-six years old I didn't run away from home. I know, Bob. You were on a secret mission. I'd appreciate it if you didn't go around telling people lies about me.
`` Listen to Tommy with a candle burning and you will see your entire future ...''
Ever hear of the Ozone layer, asshole? Son of a bitch.
Or does your manhood go no deeper, then standing to piss?
I hope it will not stand between us as men.
I am your -- You will put this madman where no one can hear his insanity. Let him be fed by a deaf mute.
Stay alive a little longer.
It gets easier, doesn't it? Once you open the door it never closes.
There are no goodbyes for us, Charlie. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart ... I am going to clear the courtroom.
You want those assholes, you want Top Dollar.
Tell me I'm not crazy.
The wilful heart invites despair, Like blind men creeping in a dragon's lair. Neither country provebs nor king's command can keep me out of the woods today.
My name is Smith. Always was Smith - and always gon na be Smith.
They said there was no tickets but I got tickets for the Chelsea game.
Don King talks black, lives white and thinks green! Why you defending him and `` brother''
It's the simple things In life you treasure.
Hey!
What does thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords.
Has it ever occurred to you what would happen to my future, if I were to fail to live up to my responsibilities?
My father was an exceptional man.
I always - lose ...
Well surely you mean adversary, old boy? 451.11 SCENE 80 - ANGLE BACK ON SCREEN AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO COOKING SHOW. CHEF: ... vinaigrette for arugula salad ... 455.00 SCENE 81 - BACK ON NICK CHANGING CHANNEL. 457.01 SCENE 82 - BACK ON TV SHOWING NEWS. JUDY WOODRUFF: ... additional women's political caucus ... 458.15 SCENE 83 - BACK ON NICK MOANING AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL AGAIN. TRAINER O.S.: ... the pelvis up. Keep lifting. 463.00 SCENE 84 - ANGLE ON SCREEN AS TRAINER DOES GLUTE EXERCISES. TRAINER: ... 4-5-6 ... 466.11 SCENE 85 - BACK ON NICK. NICK: Ah, buns of steel. I'd steal her buns if I could. 473.15 SCENE 86 - OTS ON TV AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO MEN'S GYMNASTICS. ANNOUNCER: And here it comes ... FLAWLESS DISMOUNT.
A darling couple.
I really love you.
We now return to `` Bullit'' already in progress.
But I didn't know you'd sell your country and your soul to the slime of humanity.
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with That thou her maid art far more fair than she.
And live in a shack and eat red beans. Anne, what do you want me to do?
You'll have to find that out, won't you?
K-O-D-S is going to make me rich.
Dost thou have a mug of ale for me and me mate? He has been pitched in battle for a fortnight an has a King's thirst for the beer thust thou might have for thust.
I've been asking a lot of questions and I don't like the answers I'm getting. He's made a lot of people nervous, including some poor faggot who thought he was going to be a movie star.
-- but hey, public education these days is a bit of a battleground.
So it means that every single day you see me, that's on the worse day of my life.
I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Then you can come out.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy- Everybody can't be Gregory Peck.
He looks up to see a snapped tree trunk. His eyes follow it to a long trench of up-turned earth.
Red Rum.
Unfortunately, the gamble worked, or you might have learned something. The bandit never gets a clean shot ... Maverick makes an aggressive vertical move here, comes over the top and defeats the bandit with a missile shot. The encounter was a victory, but we've shown it as an example of what not to do.
I am enjoying my life here. I've looked at so many women ... I mean, I've seen everything about them, everything ... but I never felt a thing.
Reach out and touch someone.
That's your only weakness as far as I can tell.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
Ah!
I'm your boyfriend now ... I'm awake, I am awake.
Boar heads.
Every second we stand here arguing is a second lost. I can't initiate Valkyrie without confirmation that Hitler's dead. It's too great a risk.
All that poetry, and all those songs and films, about something that lasts no time at all?
You're not listening.
I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
`` X''
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
The assassin always dies, baby. It's necessary for the national healing.
Well I'm jealous of you too sometimes.
Oh, my love You ran from me before. You were not dead before. When I thought you dead, I did not care about all the plays that will never come, only that I would never see your face. I saw our end, and it will come.
Not only do I look like Meir- schultz -- I AM Meirschultz. I will be a great man.
We came.
Two niggers just stole my track.
Ladies and gentlemen ... our fugitive's been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground - barring injury is approximately four miles an hour, giving us a radius of six miles.
Hey, I'm very sorry that the government taxes their tips. That's fucked up. But that ain't my fault. it would appear that waitresses are just one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. You show me a paper says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it. Put it to a vote, I'll vote for it. But what I won't do is play ball. And this non- college bullshit you're telling me, I got two words for that: `` Learn to fuckin type.'' Cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent, you're in for a big fuckin surprise.
... Mistuh Fink, they have not invented a genre of picture that Bill Mayhew has not, at one time or othuh, been invited to essay. I have taken my stabs at the wrastlin'form, as I have stabbed at so many others, and with as little success. I gather that you are a fresh-man here, eager for an upperclassman's council. However, just at the moment ...
That was some real John Wayne shit, Sergeant. Nantz tries to shrug it away. But Martinez nails him.
Like you've never done worse.
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Hey there mister science-guy. Don't spray that aerosol in my eye. For I don't really want to die. I'm a noble rabbit!
Sweet Christ, someone wants you bad.
You don't walk off a building without leaving something behind. You saw everything she left behind.
The Dahlia's a sister?
I'm gon na pick up some lanterns from the equipment shack.
Goodnight, little girl. up closer into the closet, and we a widened blue eye and part of a face Diana!
I'm not even fuckin'joking with you, don't you be bringing some fucked up pooh-butt to my house!
From now on, we are enemies, You and Because You will not enter me, with all my need for you; because You scorn my attempts at virtue; because You choose for Your instrument a boastful, lustful, smutty infantile boy and give me for reward only the ability to recognize the Incarnation; because You are unjust, unfair, unkind, I will block You! I swear it! I will hinder and harm Your creature on earth as far as I am able.
Tell you this: you ain't no fool.
You threw those guys off. A very basic strategy - if your enemies know where you are, then don't be there.
I think that's what truly scares you. Most people are happy just to get out of jail. I expect to be paid to leave. I'm not a fool. I know that just because they need me one day doesn't mean they won't make me a scapegoat the next.
Jesus, we're trapped!
We took drugs to EXPAND MINDS ASSHOLE, not ESCAPE. I'M NOT GOING OUT THERE Hey Johny'ever eaten human flesh?
It is most gratifying that your enthusiasm for our planet continues unabated. As a token of our appreciation, we hope you will enjoy the two thermonuclear missiles we've just sent to converge with your craft. To ensure on-going quality of service, your death may be monitored for training purposes.
I am a United States Postman.
I'm your cousin. Fuckin'Ricans think they know everything. If they knew shit they wouldn't be Puerto Ricans.
You asshole.
... people are just crazy in this world, I think ....
Excuse me, My LorJ There'5 something I must convey to you. 1 rode a little way along the track to Rorke'5 Drift.
I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass.
Yummier.
I wouldn't like to take a bite of you; you're a cookie full of arsenic.
Well Alan, I have been balled out by Linton for allowing I Heart Huckabees on to the troops DVD roster. You know the phrase, `` I'm too old for this shit?
Just rear back and strike this motherfucker out.
I'm Superman.
I'm a vulgar man.
Get away from our mailbox!
I don't need to take no shot. Take a shot, he says!
all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected.
Don't bother me with trifles; after twenty years, at last, my father's soul will be at peace. There will be blood tonight!!
I want her alive.
It's a little crazy that I don't know that. Don't translate asides.
-- for the printed page.
When you grew up in Brooklyn, how many astronauts did you know?
God, it's been a long time since anybody asked me that. I'm great.
My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice.
I'm getting sorta concerned about what I'm seeing in some of these re-runs ... Re-runs? Like when Margaret Henderson makes her cookies for Whitey.
I've deprived your ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of your life -- -- But I wanted you to know first who it was who had beaten you: I, Khan Noonian Singh, the eagle you attempted to cage forever.
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face.
It happens sometimes. People just explode. Natural causes.
If we were equal I wouldn't be here, I'd be at home with my family and no-one would give a damn. Don't do that. Sucking smoke into your lungs will kill you.
I'll set the building on fire.
Can I tell you a secret?
I simply tell you bluntly that the future of your planet is at stake ... I suggest you transmit that message to the nations of the Earth. I will make that recommendation to the President. I must tell you in all honesty that I'm extremely dubious about the results. Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are. I've been dealing in Earth's politics a good deal longer than you have.
Somebody make up your mind!
Oh, honey ... you made a little joke.
There ... was this guy who had knives for fingers ... Do you think I did it?
I am a United States Postman.
Can I borrow your towel for a minute?
Ladies and gentlemen, consider the fate of this creature's poor mother. In the fourth month of her maternal condition, she was struck down by a wild elephant Struck down, if you take my meaning, on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see ladies and gentlemen ...
Risk nothing, you gain nothing.
One of these days you're gon na be crying out for me and I might not be there.
I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
I personally wouldn't go that far, Race.
Thus with a kiss I die.
And as we blundered through it, again came the thought: I have wronged Lestat, I have hated him for th wrong reasons.
there's a storm blowing up -- a whopper, to speak in the vernacular of the peasantry.
We've had a few of those ourselves, haven't we?'Don't worry, that guy's got ta see us!'These were the confident last words of the brilliant young Hollywood star James Dean as he piloted his Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a date with death on a lonely stretch of California two-lane blacktop, Route 466.
I'll show you a fuckin accident.
I am wasted on cross-country!
Saudis, like Americans, don't do manual labor. Blowing leaves is beneath them.
I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santa Claus.
I'm a fan of yours, you know. Your number-one fan. But if you fuck this up, I will smash your ankles with a sledge hammer. That wouldn't be comfortable for either of us. I'll be coming by twice a day to check up on you. I'm the only person who should be coming by.
I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm!
Got ta go fuck around on me, like your Mama, but you always got ta come home to Daddy, don't you, cause you know Daddy's the best.
I think I may know whos done this to us.
You will, Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer. You will not suffer. I recently became of age and tasted the blood of Kali.
Thank God your mama died givin'birth-if she'd a seen ya she'd a died of shame ... Why don't we bed down out here tonight?
A million terrorists in the world and I kill the one with feet smaller than my sister.
I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him and another seven trying to keep him locked away when I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply ... evil.
Oh no, Mrs. Robinson. I think - I think you're the most attractive of all my parents'friends.
And they think it's cute.
God DAMMIT.
It'll have to be sex, then.
Gerald Fletcher wants a word with you Cyril.
I hear it's murder this time of day.
-- Some final hits are actually terminal one way or another, while others are merely transit points as you travel from station to station on the junky journey through junky life.
Well, they can't put you away just for saying weird things.
Well, you have your war. Those who follow Lincoln, or preach abolition, best keep one eye open when they're sleeping, Old Bogey Man might get you!
There was no bottom. He was innocent. Not a charge was true.
The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart?
If you recommend it I'll try it.
And just like that.
We will see if your insanity can be cured.
We've already had one radical in the White House.
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us. There were twenty boats floating nearby and only one came back. One. Six were saved from the water, myself included. Six out of fifteen hundred. Afterward, the seven hundred people in the boats had nothing to do but waith ... wait to die, wait to live, wait for an absolution which would never come.
He's feelin'the interview ...
I mean there's nothin'wrong with me, I don't like boys.
I am the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete of Caborca.
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS! I ONLY RECORD IT!
Price didn't make the guest list ... The house did. It wants vengeance. How's a goddamn building gon na send out invitations?
Christ, you scared the shit out of me.
Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!
You know I got ta hunch, fat man. I got ta hunch it's me from here on in ... One ball, corner pocket. I mean, that ever happen to you? When all of a sudden you feel like you can't miss? I dreamed about this game, fat man.
Hey, I befriended a guy in a position of authority so I could abuse that authority and get free shit.
If you want to dump a body, this is the place.
There's no such thing as tough, Creasy.
I just know my number one rule is `` the only way to stay safe is to assume the worst.'' As far as I'm concerned Bourne is a serious threat until proven otherwise.
Great, a fucking tank.
Let this be the hour when we draw swords together. Fell deeds awake.
When I was at your place that day, I could feel something there.
The Marines.
You're gon na look funnier suckin'my dick with no fuckin'teeth.
Oh, she doesn't know about it yet. Right now, of the two of us, I'm the only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
Oh I wouldn't think of it.
God be with you, Mr. Loyless. You never pitied me.
Don't ever stop fucking me!
Unicron, my `` master,'' with this I shall make you my slave!
Yeah, it's a beautiful night. I love this hot stinkin'city.
You see in the movies, badguy says, `` Talk to me and I'll let you live.'' We're gon na run a variation, it goes like this: Talk to me ...?
That Gurganov, you never know whether he's on his way to the washroom or the Secret Police.
There are no such things as werewolves.
I wouldn't change my bet.
I'm just not one of those guys who has a `` type''
Has Tyler been in charge longer and longer?
You gon na be afraid of things all your life?
-- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after -- Now, Aim -- Shutup!
Looking at her, you might think she was a sweet, innocent teenage girl. But she wasn't sweet. And she wasn't innocent. She was selfish and cynical and ambitious and thought nothing of destroying the lives of others to get to the top. who knew how high she would climb in life, how many people would suffer because of her?
This was a superior machine -- ten grand worth of gimmicks and high price special effects. The rear windows leapt up with a touch like frogs in a dynamited pond. The dashboard was full of esoteric lights and dials and meters that I would never understand.
Did I ever tell you I've been struck by lightning seven times. Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
Look at us - I think I call it honesty.
I hear you've chosen the name Luke.
Her blood is clean, you're killing her. Death is peaceful.
Sam, if it's December 1941 in Casablanca, what time is it in New York?
Listen to me. The Ancient Japanese considered the Go board to be a microcosm of the universe. Although when it is empty it appears to be simple and ordered, in fact, the possibilities of game play are endless. They say that no two Go games have ever been alike. Just like snowflakes. So, the Go board actually represents an extremely complex and chaotic universe. That is the truth of our world, Max. It can't be easily summed up with math. There is no simple pattern. But as a Go game progresses, the possibilities become smaller and smaller.
They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses.
I do bite my thumb, sir.
Restraining the essence of Sammael, the hell hound, the seed of destruction.
Dude, there's no way she heard that.
I'm gon na make big statues and little statues, movie stars and poets, and people who sell things on television, and the mayor, and some rock singers ...
Wake up, you can't go out like this.
And apparently, you don't even realize it. What does it matter if I refer to her as a dyke, or if I call the Whalers a bunch of faggots in the privacy of my own office, far from the sensitive ears of the rest of the world? It's passive/aggressive gay-bashing; and I know you're not really prejudiced at heart. You should just find some other way to express your anger, is all I'm saying.
I feel like an idiot fainting in a stranger's office.
He's gon na play the young hero.
Or perhaps they just spring out And scare girls and boys What a splendid idea This Christmas sounds fun I fully endorse it Let's try it at once Everyone, please now, not so fast There's something here that you don't quite grasp Well, I may as well give them what they want And the best, I must confess, I have saved for the last For the ruler of this Christmas land Is a fearsome king with a deep mighty voice Least that's what I've come to understand There's got to be a logical way to explain this Xmas thing.
That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it.
Sweet tooth.
Finished playing with yourself, Lenny?
I've taught her better than that.
If that's all there is my friends, then let's keep dancing. Let's break out the booze and have a ball, If that's all there is. Then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world.
A pussycat is born to be whipped.
Join the mobile infantery and save the world!
We're all very happy that you're going to live, John Book. We didn't quite know what we were going to do with you if you died.
Look at it this way: in a hundred years, who's gon na care?
Let him go.
... And everything is nothing too.
You're nor that kind of guy.
All he wanted was some mu-shu.
Oh God this is one of those key moments in life, when it's possible you can be really, genuinely cool -- and I'm going to fail a hundred percent. I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends.
I can hear it now, it's gon na be the goddamned'Phone Book Killer'.
You see, you can do it.
We have people up here who will die in less than an hour, never mind two.
I got a thing for Santa Claus, I don't know, I guess it's from early childhood.
No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man to help somehow to ease his suffering. Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it.
The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
She'll be comin'around the mountain when she comes, She'll be comin'around the mountain when she comes ... Love that tune.
Worse I'm afraid.
A young man trying to impress beyond his abilities. Too much spice. Too many notes. Majesty, I thought it the most promising work I've heard in years.
Nobody knows who stole the chicken.
Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
And with kids like he's got, no wonder he wanted a place to hide.
He's a writer, not a madman.
It's what I hate about this government - everything in red!
Oh my God.
Don't stop'till you reach the back of his teeth.
You have the grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion. And your grand gift is the uncanny ability to demoralize people.
... Don't have any. Try the stockyards.
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin'a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit?
Forgive me for askin', son, and I don't mean to belabor the obvious, but why is it that you've got your head so far up your own ass?
I always know when it's you.
They were fast asleep.
Not if you believe it's important for people to know. A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. People kill for it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now because of the Catholic Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullshit. And whether they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting that belief, and if they're successful, you, me. all of this ... ends in a heartbeat. All over a belief.
I don't know ... but on what was supposed to be the happiest night of my business life, it wasn't complete, wasn't nearly close to being in the same vicinity as complete, because I couldn't share it with you.
And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
Lets take a vote. A simple vote. Two choices; we clean up the mess. Right now. Bury it in the desert, go home, and never look back. Or, we can call the police ... Open those doors, roll the dice and hope that it's only Michael who falls. Let's take a vote.
That's not the one to be late to.
Yessir.
I'm a spy.
To get a drink before we meet the guys for a bite at eleven.
We throw on a mask and dance around campus just hoping someone else gets butchered before we get bored again.
All the best people have bad chests and bone diseases! It's all frightfully romantic!
When they touch down and we blow the roof, they'll spend a month sifting through the bodies and rubble. By the time they figure out what went wrong ...
Well this whole thing is just who knows who and favoritism.
Is it for His glory, or for yours?
Wade never went inside. He lived almost wholly out there on his skin, with no interior space to retreat to, even in a crisis.
Hey Nancy.
up in your fucking high window with your goddam binoculars? I never indicated I had binoculars.
Where the hell is my bomber?
I don't like you at all!
God, I was horse shit tonight.
Showmanship.
If you do anything to me, if you touch one hair on my head, the Police will find the pictures of you killing that Couple.
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
... stop ... When the fight was over, nothing was solved, but nothing mattered.
Why can't you all just die and leave me alone!
His medical condition is reported as ... & quot; terminal. & quot; He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
I like to understand what I'm shown! What was your father trying to do?
Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good and we made the most of it. During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too. I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town. Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order. When I heard about it I wasn't angry. I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things. So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business. There's three million dollars on that table.
I only gamble with my life, never my money. Never?
I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
I just wan na say ... this film is for Bela.
Dear me. What is dat unpleasant aroma? I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
Radio the engine room, have Chief Engineer Olsen meet us at Shuttle Bay Five.
That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid. Ever. Video's a poor excuse, I know. But it helps me remember ... I need to remember ... Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can't take it ... and my heart is going to cave in.
... Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN! I tell you I saw blood right on the bottom of her shoes!
Y'know when people are joking, I find they are dead serious and when they're dead serious, I find them funny. What do your parents think about what you are doing? Actually, I don't really remember being born. It musta happened during one of my blackouts. But they must've expressed some feeling?
I think you've had enough tea for today.
Look, I'm not rich, my father is. And I didn't pick my father. And if I had a choice between having tons of money or having another father, I'd be absolutely delighted to be poor! But unfortunately life is not a cafeteria!
I've never been this happy, or comfortable anywhere.
You have paid the price for your lack of vision. Now, young Skywalker ... you will die.
Oh God.
While I was tryin'to figure out why the guy was sayin'what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin'back and back until one of you is dead.
The past, the future, whatever this object holds.
Fucking clueless-they're interrogating the entire school.
I'm in pain! And I'm wet!
We were, after all, the Absolute Cream of the National Sporting Press and we were gathered here, in Las Vegas, for a very special assignment. And when it comes to things like this you don't fool around. See ...'' Kill the body and the head will die''
JACK kneels down and stares at an unmistakable indent in the sand: a GIANT FOOTPRINT!
You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
You can be an assassination enthusiast, a murder bug. I've got important things to think about here. I don't have time to fuck around with you.
Defenseless babies! That dog is such an Ahole.
Free will is not all that it's cracked up to be.
You know you won't use it.
Everything he knows is wrong.
I spend half the night walking up and down in my bed.
And hour after hour, as I stood there, understanding even more clearly how that bitter old man was still possessing his poor son from beyond the grave, I began to see a way - a terrible way - I could finally triumph over God, my torturer.
Ah, doctors. What's he gon na tell me? Can't trade my head in for a new one.
Does anyone have a question that doesn't relate to Jurassic Park? Your theory on raptors is good and all, but isn't all this conjecture kind of moot? I mean, once the U.N. and Costa Rica and everyone decides how to handle the second island, scientist will just go in and look for themselves.
If you were a bank president that would be one thing, but in your business it's admirable.
Hiya, Hot Lips.
Rob, what do you want to be when you grow up?
You win, tough guy.
I am here tonight to say, we will no longer sit quietly in our closets. We must fight. Not just in the Castro, or San Francisco, but everywhere the Anitas go. Anita Bryant did not win tonight. Anita Bryant has brought us together ... She is going to create a national gay force! And the young people in Richmond, Minnesota, or Jackson, Mississippi, or Woodmere, New York ... Who are coming out and hearing Anita Bryant on television telling them that they're wrong, they're sick, that there is no place for them in this great country, in this world ... They're looking to us for something tonight ... And I say, we have to give them hope! The CROWD goes WILD. HARVEY'S SPEECH CROSSES THE CUT TO ...
Walk slow, like you do when you come to pay your taxes.
DON'T GO INTO THE LONG GRASS!
What, you some kinda Asian James Bond?
Because ... the needs of the one outweighed the needs of the many.
. inevitable Now, destroy Superman.
... these security systems can be a real joke.
Through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or burst his organs .... We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.
One foot out of that office and your asses are Alpo!
They will take it as proof that I can not bear children. That I am cursed by God.
From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
You're too slow, old man.
Oh my God.
If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, You'd probably short-circuit.
The water's warm.
If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us! You are a bad man! And you call yourself a Canadian!
Welcome back.
Tooling along the main drag on a Saturday night in Vegas, two good old boys in a fire apple red convertible ... stoned, ripped, twisted ... Good people!
Tell Pulitzer he needs an appointment with me!
Terrible things were happening all around us ... Order some golf shoes. Otherwise, we'll never get out of this place alive. It's impossible to walk in this muck -- no footing at all ... I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds! If you think we're in trouble now wait until you see what's happening in the elevators.
I love getting bathed in the sink. It's such a feeling of security. I've never seen you happier.
I and others have come to believe ... that your heart is not in this, that you haven't the belly for it.
I always use an after-shave lotion with little or no alcohol because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm, followed by a final moisturizing `` protective'' lotion ... There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, hut there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping you and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there. It is hard for me to make sense on any given level. My self is fabricated, an aberration. My personality is sketchy and unformed, my heartlessness goes deep and is persistent. My conscience, my pity, my hopes disappeared a long time ago, if they ever did exist.
Does this sound strange to you?
Makes no difference to me.
You're hanging by a very thin thread, dude. And I dig that about you.
You repo men, you guys are all out to fuckin lunch. Let's get out of here.
They don't have the package.
You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
Of course there's a God, you idiot! You don't believe in God? But if there's a God, then wh-why is there so much evil in the world?
You're the only audience I've ever needed.
You know you guys are all the same. You don't care who gets hurt. You're a bunch of whores.
Look at my face, Cole.
Maybe poker's not your game, Ike. I know, let's have a spelling Contest!
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable. I could have been a world figure, a power among men, a - a successful wizard, had I not been obstructed by a heart.
Let's just say you don't seem the ambivalent type.
What is he?
Ears and noses will be trophies of the day.
Look at my face.
Then at lunch she got drunker and drunker and finally she became Joan Collins! All my life I've had to put up with insults ...
It goes back to something my grandmother told me when I was a kid. `` Holden,'' she said `` The big bucks are in dick and fart jokes.'' She was a church-goer.
You're lucky you got to see anybody shot in this war.
Those things are nothing but coffin nails.
How come guys talk so much when they have nothing to say, and girls have plenty to say, but no-one will listen.
That's how it is all over the worl'...
All those things I can do, all those powers ... and I still couldn't save him.
I think we're making a lot of noise.
Come on, boy!
Beat.
The other day I cried, felt stupid. Guess what ... Fuck that other day. Thas why God or whoever make new days.
Dear Mr. Vernon ... we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was that we did wrong, what we did was wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write this essay telling you who we think we are, what do you care? You see us as you want to see us ... in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athelete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal.
I mean these guys were hard-core hijackers, but there I was. At that point, I wasn't scared, f knew I hadn't done anything they could do me for.
You've got a big surprise coming to you.
You find me some paper and a pen.
That's for five years of hell.
The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight, it's drawn the finest people.
If ever we get out of this place, the thing for you to do is to take that job with Helen's father.
I don't like to see a woman bleeding from the mouth. It makes me think of Country and Western music. Which I really can't abide.
Knock it down.
I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't. I couldn't take everything in a hundred years.
Jesus, I got a hangover.
I want you to go down to the corner store and buy yourself a clue.
Beautiful, is it not?
The details of my exploits are only a pretext for a far more expansive consideration of general truths.
Caden approaches.
Some nights I clean off the blood.
Jesus ...
-- WOULD YOU GET DOWN Oh for Pete's sake!
Here, take mine.
Well, all this white stuff on my sleeve is LSD. With a bit of luck his life was ruined -- forever thinking that just behind some narrow door in all his favorite bars, men in red Pendleton shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know.
You couldn't find your dick in a wind storm!
Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos.
This was a valued rug.
... I just cut the hair ... Says here that the Russians exploded n A-bomb and there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
He's intelligent, but not experienced.
We see other diagrams: The heart being placed into a skillet over an open fire. The burial of the smoking heart. Stephanie's kitten PURRS, as it rubs against her leg. Stephanie closes the book, shutting out the disturbing images. She hears the SHRIEK of the rusty gate outside. She moves to the window and peers out. The rusting iron gate is open. Stephanie senses a change in the room ... Shadows shift and grow deeper.
HIS PROCESSOR'S ALL FUCKED UP, HIS INFORMATION TRAY IS JAMMED.
My coalition's phone lines have been flooded with calls from concerned families, wondering if this message signifies the end of the world or the advent of the rapture. We feel that U.S. policy in this matter wants to be extremely conservative -- if there's any chance of danger or threat to our way of life perhaps the message and its contents should simply be disregarded. This is absurd. The Bible states that God made man in His own image.
Ok. We're looking up money laundering in a dictionary.
Why do you keep asking me that?
You're a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob -- but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
It was fucking obvious that that cunt was going to fuck some cunt. I hope you've learned your lesson, son.
The only thing I have to eat is Yoo-Hoo and SugarSnacks, so if you want anything else, bring it with you.
You're so money, you don't even know ...
One day you will bow down before me, Jor-El I swear it!
The neighbor nods.
I tried to stand up and fly straight, but it wasn't easy with that sumbitch Reagan in the White House ...
... Hell, I hope I've done the right thing. My wife and I had not ... performed the sex act in many years.
My life was crumbling, and I was expected to care about these ungrateful kids and their pathetic little dreams. As if my only purpose in life were to serve them.
Just get this: I picked you for the job, not because I think you're so darn smart, but because I thought maybe you were a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit. I guess I was all wet.
Hey, porky pig. I hope you get molested!
You've broken into my vault. Congratulations: you're a dead man.
The angels are not done with you yet.
Niggers oughtta have they own'lectric chair. White man oughtn't havta sit in no nigger'lectric chair, nossir ... He's a bad man.
And none of us are going to want to be talking about it.
Ever ours.
Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before.
Well lad, whatever luck you live by, let�s hope it lasts the night.
Get a goddamn job, Al.
Listen, lad, I built this kingdom up from nothing. All I had when I started was swamp ... other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same ... just to show'em. It sank into the swamp. So I built a another one ... that sank into the swamp. I built another one ... That fell over and THEN sank into the swamp .... So I built another ... and that stayed up.
He used to be my brother.
Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
I'm not some grungy filmmaker- wannabee searching for existentialism through a haze of bong-smoke. It's easy to pick apart bad acting, short-sighted directing, or the purely moronic stringing together of words many of the studios term as prose. No, I'm talking the lack of realism. Realism. Not a pervasive element in the modern American cinematic vision.
My life was crumbling, and I was expected to care about these ungrateful kids and their pathetic little dreams. As if my only purpose in life were to serve them.
Everybody keeps starin'at me.
Throw that shit again, meat. Throw that weak ass shit.
Never! What we got here is a failure to communicate. Some men you can't reach, that is they just don't listen when you talk reasonable so you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it, well he gets it, and I don't like it any better than you men.
God, Simon. The other twenty-five are almost as bad. I don't know why I bother.
Execute!
You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, `` Oh, I had you all wrong''
Let's be badguys.
Your sister had many friends -- but they were not my friends. I was only the manager of her plant.
For twenty years I've been eating shit, breakfast, lunch and dinner.
See how hard You make me angel.
I shoved your tap shoes in my jeans before I was blown outta the house, Honey. Check with the guy who cut my pants off.
Beware the moon, David.
I'm gon na find everyone in your family and kill them-.
You've got a lot to lean about homicide, Jeff. Morons have committed murder so shrewdly that it took a hundred trained police minds to catch them.
`` I Love You Phillip Morris''
Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala we used to make fresh coffee.
Speak from the heart my brother.
This is a story that's gon na grab people.
Great party, isn't it?
It's important to have a job that makes a difference, boys. That's why I kill Chinamen for the railroad.
Don't mess with me.
Mike.
The strangeness of this life can not be measured. In trying to produce my own death, I was elevated to the status of a living hero.
You know I've talked to God a lot about you over the years and he said he broke the mould when he made you. Said you were sure entertaining to watch but way too much trouble. Buddy grins.
`` The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.'' I think you're gon na find � when all this shit is over and done � I think you're gon na find yourself one smilin'motherfucker. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard motherfuckin'fact of life, but it's a fact of life your ass is gon na hafta git realistic about.
I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.
If I don't take'em down properly they'll be on the street two hours from now. I could find dynamite, semtex, plutonium and a book of matches in there and unless I've got the right warrant it's all inadmissible They've also got a warrant.
Jesus H. Christ, look at all the colors.
So am I --!
And each year, it got passed on to one East student who was worthy of it.
I feel like I'm slipping but do people who are actually slipping feel that way or is it always the really good people who are moving up who invariably think they're slipping because their standards are so high? This conversation is not worthy of you. I'd give anything if that were true. Good night. Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If needy were a turn-on?
You go get your laser gun now.
And you want these girls to feel your pain?
Any fucking thing for him.
You take, take, take, take! You drain others of their love and emotions.
Karen - you're a Gibson girl ... The general atmosphere is very Macbethish.
No little girl can ever make me come. Seems to like some of the same places you do. Funny you never met.
How does it feel to know you're about to die?
That's true, Bill.
Well, she had her first child a month ago, a girl, with her new husband ... And, Thank God.
S/C OFFICES - DAY CAMERA PICKS UP ON MORGAN AND NICK AT TOP OF STAIRS AS THEY MOVE DOWN TO MAIN FLOOR. CAMERA PULLS BACK KEEPING ON THEM AS THEY MOVE TO FG THROUGH DESKS WITH NICK RANTING THE WHOLE TIME. NICK: Here's what happened just in case the coroner asks, okay? MORGAN: Uh-huh. NICK: I got a little drunk last night and tried on all the products from the pink box. MORGAN: You did not! NICK: I put on all the products, okay? Nail polish, pantyhose, everything. MORGAN: You tried on the pantyhose?
He was so deadly in fact that his enemies would go blind from overexposure to pure awesomeness.
The irezumi does not hide the skin, the tattoo reveals the nature of the man and illuminates the four noble professions in the Book of Five Rings: the Warrior, the Artist, the Merchant, and the farmer. If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
It's a song about a cop who meets his worst nightmare, a nigger with enough political juice to crush his ass like a stink bug. You're gon na be famous. I don't think so.
Probably something will enter it, feel lonely, and leave again ...
Because I don't love him.
Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there!
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
There was a lawyer there.
How's this for a wet dream?
I hope that hurt.
I left a piece of skin in a movie theater once so it could watch movies all its life. I don't know if it's the same thing.
Their fate was sealed the moment Santiago died.
You got paper over there Spivey?
Actually this is all just a bad dream.
You remember the man who walked into the Bank of Constantinople and walked out < u > with < /u > the Bank of Constantinople?
Dr. Arroway, you are entitled to your opinion. But we feel quite strongly that it would by both irresponsible and naive to send a human being into a completely unknown, completely uncontrollable situation absolutely defenseless.
-- on this satellite right here.
Minor awards are for such as the writer and director - since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it and no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington. Eve ... but more of Eve, later. All about Eve, in fact.
You know, when we were on that plane, I was fascinated by the way its shadow followed it. That silly shadow racing along over mountains and valleys, covering ten times the distance of the plane. It was always there to greet us with outstretched arms when we landed. And I've been thinking that somehow you're that plane, and I'm that silly shadow. That all my life I've been rushing up and down hills, leaping rivers, crashing over obstacles, never dreaming that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arms. Chang is being visited by Lovett, who has lost his petrified manner.
Well, he didn't say in so many words that ever since you started with that house you haven't turned in a decent piece of copy, but -- But you kind of got the feeling ...
And I fuckin'HATED FRENCH CLASS!
Ingenious costume.
That's my husband over there, Ahh ... I've been married six months and I've never had an affair, It can happen Don't take it so bloody well.
I said, hey listen to me, Stay sane inside insanity. But he locked the door And threw away the key.
Each of us, at some time in our life, turns to someone, a father, a brother, a God and asks'Why am I here?''What was I meant to be?
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.
This'll be easier than I thought.
We don't ever rehearse.
We hear her secret whisper: My only love, sprung from my only hate.
And I will tell the world why. Don't be stupid.
Everyone knows what it is, however long they've lived without it. No one forgets the truth, Frank, they just get better at lying. So tell me: do you really want another child? All I know is what I feel. And anyone else in their right mind would feel the same way.
I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I.
Thank you, boys.
It can be so slow that you don't even notice that your life is better or worse, until it is. Or it can just blow you away.
You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous. There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning.
I'm superstitious.
Fuck me bald.
I'm him.
If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it.
Welcome to the future ... brother.
... They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
If you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas.
No.
Can I take him with me and have sex with his head?
One more dead.
Publicity Man.
Ladies, thank you for granting me this rare glimpse into a timeless female ritual. To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you. And to the cock in the hen house.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, a little ere the mightiest Julius fell ... The graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the Roman street ... Nancy. O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams ... Nancy.
Listen, they're telling me that the generators won't take it, the ship's breaking apart and all that.
Do they pay you to screw that bear?
Like him!
Well come on bone man.
You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants. The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.
Now!
Oh my god.
Never theorize before you have data. Invariably, you end up twisting facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.
You made every day like kindergarten.
Listen, kiddo, Jim Kirk was many things, but he was never a Boy Scout ... Come.
And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn. So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gon na be okay, you should be the one to hire me.
Dear Justine. Because of you I'll be quitting the Retail Rodeo. The last two days have been the most god-awful days of my life. I've not been able to get rid of you in my head. I never wanted anything so bad, and I have wanted many things. I'd given up long ago on being gotten by someone else, and then you came along. The idea of being gotten, because of circumstance, will never get got is the worst feeling I've ever felt, and I have felt many bad feelings.
Uh, we should move on to a Peter Gibbons. I had a chance to meet this young man and boy does he have Straight to Upper Management written all over him.
You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years.
My goodness, my heart is pounding so fast, I think I may faint on this spot ... You'd probably catch me course, before I fell. Seeing as you're of age ... and seeing as I'm of age ... and seeing as we get along so well like this ... A thought entered my head that may have entered your head as well. I love you Lucius. I love you like the day is long. I love you more than the sun and moon together. And if you feel the same way, we should not hide it any longer. It's a gift, love is. We should be thankful. We should bellow it with all the breath in our lungs, `` Thank you!
That man ... is a brownie hound ... You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch ... I've seen you before, you know ... Who do I think I am?
John, sooner or later -- sooner, I think -- you are going to learn the lesson that has been learned by everyone who has ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Look at the landscape of his life and you'll see a boneyard.
Tell me something, Rocki.
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
Look, pal, I don't know who you think you are!
WILLA is in outdoor clothes and is not dressed for work in the parlor.
One woman has hurt you, and you take revenge on the rest of the world.
Jesus Christ, what did you eat?
Well ... I've lost my appetite.
Never send a human to do a machine's job.
I was wrong! I was wrong! Do I know you?
Clear that bridge for me.
That'll be Bernie.
I chose Mount Rushmore, because to live in a country where you can take an ugly old mountain and put faces on it, faces of great Americans, who did so much to make our country super great, well that makes me - Rebecca Leeman - PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
It is in semi-darkness.
I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or this is going to be a real short trip.
Ok Mr. Two Time Grand Prix, Five time WRL, future Hall of Fame, teach me something.
This ain't no dead piece a metal. A car's a living breathing thing.
Oh, I admit there's a screwball element in the Theater.
I must admit I didn't think much of Andy first time I laid eyes on him. He might'a been important on the outside, but in here he was just a little turd in prison grays. Looked like a stiff breeze could blow him over. That was my first impression of the man.
He never had a chance did he?
I do not think you anything anymore.
... They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
I've got to take this.
Or my dick.
I can not tell There's so many things I can not grasp When I think I've got it, and then at last Through my bony fingers it does slip Like a snowflake in a fiery grip Eureka!! This year, Christmas will be ours! Patience, everyone.
Washout rejects, guys he said were `` dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead''
You can keep the'' ten grand along with the body, but if I see you again ...
You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape.
I am to go as her servant but only on the understanding that I will be very badly treated.
Never mind.
... don't feel like it either.
It all has to come down before we can start again.
There's nothing I love more than a dumb blonde with daddy's plastic.
The first rule of fight club is -- you don't talk about fight club. The second rule of fight club is -- you don't talk about fight club. The third rule of fight club is -- when someone says `` stop'' or goes limp, the fight is over. Fourth rule is -- only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule -- one fight at a time. Sixth rule -- no shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule -- fights go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule -- if this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.
There is no smoking in prone position in bed. To smoke you must have both legs over the side of your bunk. Anyone caught smoking in prone position will spend a night in the box. You get two sheets. Every Saturday you put the clean sheet on the top, the top sheet on the bottom and the bottom sheet you turn in to the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box. No one will sit on the bunks with dirty pants on. Any man sitting on a bunk with dirty pants will spend a night in the box. Any man who don't bring back his empty pop bottles spends a night in the box. Any man loudtalking spends a night in the box. You got questions you come to me.
Let his guns cover Durnford for a fall back.
I admit if one waits for me to start a conversation one can wait a rather long time.
I never enjoy killing a man.
I've been ordered to take you up to the bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge.
My aunt used to use my uncle's old pajamas and a candle.
Type `` Cookie'', you idiot.
We do that to Creed an'they'll take us to jail for murder.
Thank you very much.
I am Dr. Cosmo McKinley and this is my sister, and colleague, Nation McKinley.
I will take Smiles A Lot.
hey, where's that wimpy cowboy doll?
We're getting healthy read-outs.
I am the Shadout Mapes, your housekeeper, Noble Born.
Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes.
Well, what do you say I throw in a little sexual harassment charge to boot?
You're beautiful.
None of'em take birth control, and they eat all the steak.
They don't want the classic horror films anymore.
She finally drunk herself to death.
Nice night for a walk?
... We should think about getting started, Bill.
That's what she does, she makes soap out of people.
Things are going to get much much worse.
All it says is that it's above the vulva ... But where the hell is the vulva?
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section? It was all a misunderstanding.
I swear to god.
They'll tear us apart ... Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast. I can handle these clowns. I want to talk to Hans. Hans! Sprickenzie talk?
I challenge Davy Jones.
We do what they want us to, none of us will be alive to tell'em they were wrong.
Last one.
That lunatic has been spouting off about Jason since we boarded ... It's no coincidence. But that doesn't prove that he's the one! Walking corpses are not real!
'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down ... and I ain't gon na allow that. From none of you. Not one ...Y'all loved Elias, want to kick ass,I'se here - all by my lonesome, nobody gon na know.
Old Man, if you give another piece of my food to those dogs, I'm gon na kick you till you're dead!
I can't believe I'm on a first name basis with these people ... Can I ... help you?
Pull an arm.
I mean there's beer and so forth. Whatever your thing is ... If you want the word on that brother and sister act, I'll give you the word. That Hansel's a fag and Gretel's got the hots for herself.
If it doesn't fit, you make alterations.
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
A defining moment when you tried to hit the same impossible cut Greatness courts failure, Romeo. That's why most people, in their whole lives, never ever reach for the brass ring, never know when to dig deep and try for the impossible shot ... You're right about that, boss, but sometimes ... sometimes ... par is good enough to win.
The only thing I have to eat is Yoo-Hoo and SugarSnacks, so if you want anything else, bring it with you.
Guys can have nightmares too,y'know. You ain't got a corner on the fucking market or something.
I'm an investigator for the Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
`` All you need is love.''
You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life.
Watch me run a fifty yard dash with my legs cut off!
Sometimes people like yourself get caught in the cross-fire.
It's too much like death.
But you and I know who killed Madeleine.
I think he needs a priest.
For all my education, accomplishments, and so-called wisdom ... I can't fathom my own heart.
It's better than going to prison for heresy.
A red sun rises.
A very worthy sum on a very worthy question. Can a play show us the very truth and nature of love? I bear witness to the wager, and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
I'm a genius -- not an engineer!
Does anyone know where they are?
I'm not a priest - I'm a minister.
She's dead.
Hey, you're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Used to be a mannequin factory.
Death becomes the fertile ground.'' Didn't I kill you already?
I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post, that's for sure. I'm in the junky limbo at the moment, too ill to sleep, too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. Sweat, chills, nausea, pain and craving. Need like nothing else I have ever known will soon take hold of me.
Hey Jonesy, look what I found in Gramma's trunk.
And the reason for this, is because our little foe has a instinct for survival and presavation second to none. And that Monsieur, is what a jew shares with a rat. Consequently, a German soldier, conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar - he looks everywhere, he would hide. But there are many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However the reason the Fuhrer brought me off my Alps in Austria, and placed me in French cow country today, is because it does occur to me. Because I'm aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity.
That's simple.
He is the kindest and best of men.
By order of Zebulon Vance, Governor of this great state of North Carolina: any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason and shall be hunted down like a dog.
You didn't have time to check the tapes, so you don't really know, do you?
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Harvey, we better skip this whole courtship thing and just get married.
You should've heard your brother scream when I broke his fucking neck ... Stay low.
She wasn't that great!
You got ta do that much.
Like that.
... I had a dream about ... something like that. You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James!
Somebody don't like it, fuck him.
Course confirmed for slingshot exit of the solar system.
I was 25 years old the first time I died ... I remember there was so much white everywhere.
Ow!
They're coming.
Everyone gather together now.
They want this fucking job, they can have it. It's no great joy to me. The elected representatives of the people have spoken ... Now let's tell the people ... Good evening, my fellow citizens.
I hope you've all learned an important lesson today. Just because Mordechai's people are different from us ... just because they might appear strange to us with their furry hats, their beady eyes, and their long sideburns ... not to mention their bizarre customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny sounding names ... just because they control all of the worlds'money, yet are too cheap to buy their children anything better than spinning tops for presents, does not mean that we can't learn to respect and love them as our equals.
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
Burbage has my keeping but you have my heart.
But, as you are so fond of observing, Doctor, I'm not human.
Finishing my costume, brushing up on current events, and running eighteen miles a day on about four hundred calories.
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
We aim to treat you just as nice as you treat us. Act like a gentlemen, you'll get three hots and a cot.
Keep your pants on.
You hope and you dream, but you never believe that something's going to happen for you, not like it does in the movies. And when it does, you sort of expect it to feel different.
Their defenses are broken.
They're dead.
Well, that's good news.
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked among eight million people.
Some of us are cursed with memories like flypaper. And stuck there is a staggering of miscellaneous date, mostly useless.
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
All three have their Chianti filled glasses. So the way I see it, since Hitlers death, or possible rescue, rests solely on my reaction ... If I do nothing ... it's as if I'm causing his death, even more then yourselves.
It's happening again.
Hey, you, monkey man! Anything you got ta say to them, say to me first.
Oh, now what does he want?
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul.
Let's stretch her legs.
Why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here!
Unless you wan na give me a ride?
Well, that's too bad. I can't believe I'm gon na get some pussy for stealing a monkey! If I'd known it was that easy,I'd've been stealing monkeys since I was like seven and shit.
I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
And you will show us where the bullion is right now.
If you had any fuckin'heart at all, you'd be out fuckin'stealin'for a livin'.
And all that was once green and good in this world will be gone. There won't be a Shire, Pippin.
That was not the deal- This is not a game show, Mr. Fleury! There are no deals made here. There is me telling you what you may or may not do and there is you doing it. You will be permitted to walk through the crime scenes.
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean. It's very interesting.
That darkness is part of their natural development.
Oh, Kyle.
I could eat about a million and a half of these. My momma always said, `` Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gon na get.'' Those must be comfortable shoes. I'll bet you could walk all day in shoes like that and not feel a thing.
What, art thou drawn amoung these heartless hinds?
I'm glad you rejected me ten years ago when I auditioned for Eddie Solomon, the pedophile clown in Birthday Boy.
For the music is your special friend Dance on fire as it intends Music is your only friend Until the end I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.
My goddam soul, just a glass of beer.
I'm a little pregnant right now.
I don't like fast women.
Just like you, a big old bear.
- I guess that'll show you.
Every living creature ... on this earth ...
Listen to yourself. You're connecting a computer bug I had, a computer bug you might have had, and some religious hogwash. If you want to find the number two sixteen in the world, you'll be able to pull it out of anywhere. Two hundred and sixteen steps from your street comer to your front door. Two hundred and sixteen seconds you spend riding on the elevator. When your mind becomes obsessed with anything, it will filter everything else out and find examples of that thing everywhere. Three hundred and twenty, four hundred and fifty, twenty-three. Whatever! You've chosen two sixteen and you'll find it everywhere in nature. But Max, as soon as you discard scientific rigor, you are no longer a mathematician. You become a numerologist. What you need to do is take a break from your research. You need it. You deserve it Here's a hundred dollars, I want you to take it. If, you won't take it, borrow it. Either way, take a break. Spend it however you like as long as it falls in the category of vacation.
Oil can?
God's watching.
You can help me make beds if you like.
Texas has become a giant urban sprawl spreading into Mexico and beyond. Immense industrial air purifiers hang in a dark, wet sky.
If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
We have dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen.
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie and Dim and we sat in the Korova milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova Milk Bar sold milkplus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence. Our pockets were full of money so there was no need on that score, but, as they say, money isn't everything.
That's because she likes plants better than people.
If you kin spare a minute, it's about time we had ourselves a little talk. Old Man, I know I'm a pretty evil feller who killed people in the war and got drunk and chopped up municipal merchandise and like that. I admit ain't got no call to ask for much. But even so, you ain't dealt me no cards in a long time. I mean it's beginning to look like you got it fixed so I can't never win out. Inside or out, it's just different bosses and different rules. Where am I supposed to fit in? Old Man, I got to tell you: I started out pretty strong and fast but it's starting to get to me ... When does it end?
It's a wandering daughter job.
You can't honestly believe you'll make a difference on the front- I'm a soldier, General. I serve my country.
A gift from Mr. Soze gentlemen.
Naturally we feel a trifle nervous, but the pleasure of anticipation is great. Only the best people fight against all obstacles.
Schmucks are people too you know.
You're maudlin and full of self pity.
Can't do it, g. I'm in love.
My uncle used to say ... we like people for their qualities but love them for their defects.
You have very serious-serious hair, it needs to rebel.
Your old man's all right, he just saved your life. Times up, Princess.
Now wait a minute.
'You either do it or you don't.
I've never felt that before.
Searching each other's eyes.
If they split up, I'm going with you.
Don't make an issue of my womanhood.
You have a made a terrible mistake and more of our brothers have died in vain.
Hey, kid.
We all have our place in this world.
A little cottage is always very snug.
You will You're speechless, I see.
We don't make mistakes.
Oh my God. You're completely p-whipped.
I love you.
Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
If you'll excuse me, I have a funeral to prepare.
Well Werner, if you heard of us, you probably heard, we ain't in the prisoner takin business.
Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time? Of course I have a secret identity.
Well, I'm happy for you.
Bruce giveth and Bruce taketh away.
I was lost in oblivion -- dark and silent and complete.
You know the old man doesn't want that.
Look at this one. They were Mark and Vanessa Loring, and they were beautiful even in black and white.
I wrote forty operas alone.
Hey keep your fuckin'hands off me! I expect better manners from you, Dick!
Where the hell is my bomber?
It's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model.
But if you want facts, Indy, I have none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.
You tell yourself: this is the last sofa I'll ever need. No matter what else happens, I've got the sofa issue handled.
I am a Vulcan.
To confer, converse, and otherwise hob- nob with my brother wizards. And I hereby decree that until what time -- if any -- that I return, the Scarecrow, by virtue of his highly superior brains, shall rule in my stead ... assisted by the Tin Man, by virtue of his magnificent heart ... and the Lion -- by virtue of his courage!
and the quartet retreats in fear of their lives.
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!
For once, Aldus, I agree with you.
I mean you're the `` smartest guy in the world,'' right? It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems. But it takes a roomful of morons to think they're small enough for you guys to handle. You people are a joke. You hear Moloch's back in town and get your panties in a bunch.
I don't know, but I like him.
The fat hobbit, he knows.
I enjoy it.
I never forget anything ... honey. Those are MY panties!
Losing the first Bleichert-Blanchard fight got me local celebrity, Warrants, and close to nine grand in cash; winning the rematch got me a sprained wrist, two dislocated knuckles and the rest of the day off. Whoever said winning isn't everything got that part right.
Dr. Jones, it our country a guest does not usually insult his host.
The others Might get me in a rush but before That I'm gon na make your head Into a canoe.
Voluntary outcasts, they cower beneath us in sewers, abandoned tunnels ... They're nothing but thugs and hooligans. You are even better live than on laserdisc.
Oh, Jesus, Sally, you are such a Goddamned good person! Capital G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
I'm Miss Bonnie Parker and this is Mr. Clyde Barrow.
Wander round lugging your suitcases?
The woman wanted to be cheap, but the man saw that I was right. You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
You know when you get it wrong, you REALLY get it wrong. That woman has given her whole life in service to her people - fifty years doing a job she NEVER wanted - a job she watched kill her father. She's executed it with dignity, honour and, as far as I can tell, without a single blemish - and now we line up baying for her blood - why? Because she's struggling to lead the world in mourning for a woman who threw everything she offered back in her face, and who seemed, in the last few years, to be committed twenty-four seven to destroy everything she holds dear.
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy, walks into jail a white man, walks out talkin like a nigger. It's all that black semen been shootin up his butt. It's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
Jason and Gwen run through pitch blackness. What the hell?
Their ancestors refused to come over on the Mayflower because they didn't want to rub elbows with the tourists.
Given the type of people you are and the environment you're in, you guys have to admit the strong probability that this may be the only chance you'll ever get in your entire lives to have sex.
Seventeen miles from Lexington.
If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
Have you got a pistol permit?
Come on boys, break it up ... The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
I love America.
Nice to see you.
Don't mess with me, pork chop.
I asked if you're free tonight.
There is not fate but what we make for ourselves. Kyle, don't go! There's not much time left in the world, Sarah.
Lift it like a lady's skirt!
The pen is.
I will miss you all the days of my life.
I'm going to tell him how old I am, my parents don't know I'm out and you tried to rape me. Boy, are you up a creek.
I'm the good guy, he's the bad guy!
... And it don't look like a piece a the car. Mostways the job was a lot like prison, except Ed was waitin'at the end of every day ...
There was a general who wore a patch over a perfectly good eye. The men fought harder for him. Sometimes I think I could get up and dance.
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
Look officers! Life doesn't have to be ugly. See the little birdie?
It pains us to pain you.
They're such wonderful dreams. The world is full of complainers. But the fact is, nothing comes with a guarantee. I don't care if you're the Pope of Rome, President of the United States, or even Man of the Year -- something can always go wrong. And go ahead, complain, tell your problems to your neighbor, ask for help -- watch him fly. Now in Russia, they got it mapped out so that everyone pulls for everyone else -- that's the theory, anyway. But what I know about is Texas ... And down here ... you're on your own.
You didn't heed my warning.
You and I ... I don't think we are on the same page. Not My Blood!
Look, this is a bad time ... I've been going to debtor's anonymous. You want to see some truly fucked up people?
Naturally we feel a trifle nervous, but the pleasure of anticipation is great. Only the best people fight against all obstacles.
I caught you.
It's like he slammed a door in Cairo and it trapped my fucking hands in Tobruk.
There was a young man named John Liggit Hunter who was in the filling station business and a good filling station business. He was one of those young men that we run across so often in life. I'm sure you've run across them, that didn't deserve the things he had. One of those things was his beautiful bride, Sarah. She was a Georgia Peach. As a matter of fact she looked more like the picture I've had in my head than any woman I've ever seen. I took it upon myself to take her away from John Liggit Hunter, who didn't deserve her. I'm not sure if I mentioned that he was a Frenchman who claimed to be an Englishman.
A bad insurance risk? That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem.
How much mail can a dead postman deliver?
Never mind, Jane.
Thou, wretched boy, shalt with him hence. Either thou or I, or both, must go with him. Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
I always knew you was pretty. Don't tease me. I wan na kiss ya -- Ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it.
If you touch me again ... I'll kill you.
It's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffering of an unfamiliar people.
Well ... life all comes down to a few moments, and this is one of'em ...
Well, as long as people are still having promiscuous sex with many anonymous partners without protection, while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound.
When your big bad brother Luis gets the word, your ass is freeze dried and fried. Talk you hemorrhoid! Your mother fucks dogs in the street. You wan na tune-up?
You're going to die because you smoked 30 cigarettes a day since you were 15. And you're going to Hell because of the life you took. Or to put it in a way that your kind would understand. You're fucked.
Remember, these are the best days of your life.
Go tuck yourself, Bill.
I'm a Cat-lick!
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
I mean, it's not like you can just kill me.
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
It's always best to start at the beginning -- and all you do is follow the Yellow Brick Road.
Look, we drove a long way to get here. So if you happen to know how to get this death monkey off our backs, it sure would be swell if you told us.
That gives you lots of leeway.
... I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name! Let me tell you, time erases everything! I don't want to erase anything. You'd rather think about it and make yourself miserable?
wiseguy never pays for a drink.
Dr. Harding insisted we go by sea!
Bye Dad, I'll miss you.
Hey, I'm the flavour of the month! You're more than that, Luther.
I'm a star.
Oh, my holy stars!
I don't know what I would have done if I had remained on the hot coals burning my pretty flesh.
One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home for her.
My ... mother lives in Hackensack. Your mother used to live in Hackensack.
You're my guest.
Shaun San Dena's chair abruptly spins about to face Stephanie. The mouth jerks opened and closed as if controlled by a bad puppeteer. Then, out of.sync, the demonic voice is The soul of Stephanie Brownl We will feast upon it, as she festers in the gravel It was my manager, Jim Jacks.
Do it to him before he does it to you.
They died. Ooo. Deliver me from L.L.
And remember, this is for posterity, so be honest -- how do you feel?
I always wanted to be in one of those frickin'plays of yours.
See, man -- if you were funnier than that, ABC never would've canceled us.
Oh my god.
You know, I went through quite a few supers to get it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough! After you trashed the last one, I had to make some major modifications. Sure it was difficult, but you are worth it. I mean, after all ... I am your biggest fan.
Since most of these people are rooting for the home team, I'm going to cheer for the visitors. I'm a big visitors fan - especially the kind that make coffee for you in the morning before they go. That was a joke.
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on -- Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!'... Goooooooo Eagles!
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her.
And the book says: `` We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.''
Rattled, Hiccup creeps along the length of the weak, wounded dragon, dagger poised to strike.
You don't have the trunk space.
Nothing.
Turn right to a heading of zero eight niner, throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred feet.
Well save room for Mrs. Matthews famous baked brisket. Famous? I've never heard of it. You know, they make that suit for women, too. Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones.
If I was a woman, I'd be a slut.
All I ever wanted in my sorry-ass life was a single thing worth fighting for.
The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur. Don't tell me why it's not, tell me what the hell it is.
I'm pissed is what I am.
That was the lesson I learned that day, the day my son was born. Sometimes, the only way to catch an uncatchable woman is to offer her a wedding ring.
Piracy is our only option.
Viking men and women pour out into the streets, axes in hand.
Keep it up, Eddie ... you're killing'em, you're slayin''em, you're knockin''em dead.
But I don't think you have it in you to quit either.
You know, Phillip, you have a goddammed red, white and blue American right to eat cotton candy and ride roller coasters.
That's what I love about a small town.
Try not to live up to all my expectations.
The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space. Without sacrifice, without death, we would have nothing. This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove: 0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken ... Marianne!
Come on man, show your stuff.
I'm your neighbor and my dog ran up on your dick -- -- Deck!
Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
You tell me to eat lima beans, I'll eat lima beans.
GO TO SLEEP WITH YOUR EVERYTHING AKIMBO FLOAT INTO THE SANDMAN'S LIMBO NIGHT NIGHT NIGHT NIGHT IT'S TIME FOR BYE-BYES IT'S BEEN A GREAT DAY THANKS A HEAP NOW IT'S TIME FOR EVERYONE TO GO TO SLEEP SO NIGHT NIGHT IT'S TIME FOR BYE-BYES IT'S BEEN A GREAT DAY THANKS A HEAP NOW IT'S TIME FOR EVERYONE TO GO TO SLEEP'...
Take it all ... Take it!
You haven't even scratched the surface.
Well, she lived in a house that was as old as Alabama.
You don't have to go if you don't want to, honey.
We call them Doobie Snax.
Listen, kid, I think you snapped your cap. Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda, or something.
I'll be lucky if the MCP doesn't blast me into a dead zone.
Yeah, my baby boy gets shy around new people, but he'll warm up to ya ... especially the ladies.
It bit this girl named Tammi right on the ass.
That's our next-door neighbor Jim.
- I'm a hair's breadth from riddling you with holes, Doctor -- `` One simple job!
My dear Miss Gibson -- Gibson?
I'm gon na nail your ass! I'm gon na nail your ass!! I'm gon na nail your ass!
I'm getting anxious if you know what I mean. Six hundred years and all.
Edie gave this to me and said mmmmm, I could talk to God with this. But I don't really have anything to say.
Your shower shoes have fungus on'em. You'll never get to the Bigs with fungus on your shower shoes. Think classy and you'll be classy. If you win 20 in the Show you can let the fungus grow back on your shower shoes and the press'll think you're colorful. Until you win twenty in the Show, however, it means you're a slob.
Several fighters have broken off from the main group.
Of course: we all create God in our own image.
I'm sorry.
Because ...
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
You know girls are a lot tougher than men think.
Listen to what I'm saying!
Well. I see we have a long way to go.
Hotshot, you don't know it yet, but me and Concrete are in your blood. We're going to make a man of you yet -- and in years to come you'll thank me.
Hey, listen, guys, I'm not gay, but I did fuck your suspect. I was embarrassed. It's the only time I've been with a woman.
It affords him other interesting opportunities.
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it because ...
Them spirts can kiss my Chinese ass.
Well, if she is, then the hell with her! If she likes that lifestyle, let her live there!
A woman and a little girl, both asleep upstairs.
I'm thinking I don't know what I'd do if you were gone.
You finish. Then we finish.
I'm hit.
Our people are a quiet people.
Go away.
I hate these things -- it's like drinking coffee through a veil.
Well, there's sure as hell nothing to stop us now. Everybody we know between here and Bixby is already dead. Is some higher force at work, here? Are we asking too much of life? Those assholes are supposed to be fixing the goddamn road!
You'll make a scene?
The party never stops on Selina Kyle's answering machine ... Guess I should've let him win that last racquetball game.
Welcome back Jack ... to the house of addiction.
If you will not show us the Grail we shall storm your castle. You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K ... kaniggets.
You see for yourself.
Plissken and the guards follow a winding stairway down to the main floor.
I won't think less of you, you know. Really, Jake, I'm a little tired, I was just gon na take a bath.
In the event of a water landing, I have been designed to serve as a floatation device.
I got you something great at the farm stand.
Yeah, they give him that `` Je ne sais quoi'' rakish air.
I love you.
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable. I could have been a world figure, a power among men, a - a successful wizard, had I not been obstructed by a heart.
Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth.
Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there!
There is no point in living if you can't ... feel alive.
The biggest mistakes in my life have been haircuts. Don't wash it.
Can't have it both ways.
We shop at home, we surf the net ... and we feel emptier and lonelier and more cut off from each other than at any other time in human history ...Y'know who'd make great astronomers?
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal ... I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Second shelf is mine ... keep my root beers and double-thick Mint Oreo cookies there ... Nobody touches the second shelf ... When the mailman brings the < u > T.V. < /u > < u > Guide < /u > on Wednesdays, sometimes the corner of the address label will curl up ... You'll be tempted to peel it off. Don't. You'll end up rippin'the cover and I don't like that ...
`` The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE An ordinary name and a fancy name.
I think I'll hold out for a real farmer, Mr. Hornsby.
He's in the desk!
... goddamn disgrace. Made a travesty of the entire evenin'...
I would not like it in a mug. I would not like it in a jug.
None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world.
What you deserve is a better brother and father. All they do is make you feel like shit. You really have no clue how beautiful you are, do you?
A recipe is merely a theme which an intelligent cook can plan each time with variation. Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
There are no needles or prescription drugs of any kind in this house.
You can come out now if you promise to behave.
You are fearless in a way, I shall never know.
That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl `` Mom.'' I hit the lights and she freaks.
It's just like a ring or something.
I got ta go.
A fruit cake.
Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words. Whatever secrets they hold have been lost.
Charles never made things easy.
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of greed around the globe, it is about to be taught a lesson on real power. You ... will be witnesses. If our demands are not met, however -- -- You may become participants instead.
In 1991 the United States invaded Iraq, and afterwards weapons inspectors discovered Saddam was six months off enriching uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb. He had fissile material. And not a single person at the CIA, from the DCI down to the janitor had the slightest clue that such a program even existed. So now, one decade on, are you telling me that you're 100 % sure these tubes are not intended to create nuclear weapons?
Well, I don't think you should tell her she doesn't have blood.
Raw meat. You do like raw meat?
Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God. You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests. You bastards love to see me sleep.
... I had a great time tonight, really. It was like the Nuremberg Trials.
Walt Whitman once said -- `` I see great things in baseball. It's our game -- the American game He said `` it will repair our losses and be a blessing to us''
And no one will ever suspect you.
I think he's mentally handicapped.
Take care now.
Then suddenly the wind changed, and the balloon floated down into the heart of this noble city, where I was instantly acclaimed Oz, the First Wizard de Luxe!
Come with me if you want to live.
Meanwhile whatever you do don't fall asleep.
Kate startles and whirls to check on Max.
All right, John.
I don't know ... I'm always looking out of my own eyes ... Will you still love me when I can't stand straight ... when my skin grows old and spotted ... Will you still love me when my step gets slow ... when I sleep too much ... when you have to push me in a chair ... Will you still love me when I have pimples.
Just fucking kill me. I am killing you.
You want'em? FUCK YOU.
And I am going to acquire it.
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
Oh God, I can't believe this.
when a job went wrong, you went back to the beginning.
I don't got a problem, I got fuckin'problems! Wan na hear?
Listen!
It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed - The lips acquire stains - The stains become a warning - It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
Look out!
I'm looking for the man with scissors.
The life of loneliness pursues me wherever I go: in bars, cars, coffee shops, theaters, stores, sidewalks. There is no escape. I am God's lonely man. another neighborhood, LATER IN THE NIGHT. Still in SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION. I am not a fool. I will no longer fool myself. I will no longer let myself fall apart, become a joke and object of ridicule.
You shouldn't have said those things about me today. You have no idea what I am.
Next time you come into my courtroom I hope you've got either a better defense or a better class of client. Thank you, Your Honor.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics.
You wan na bite, they're real good.
My only failing.
In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas ...
This is a site full of militant movie buffs: sad bastards who live in their parents'basements, downloading scripts and trading what they believe to be inside info about movies and actors they despise yet can't stop discussing. This is where you go if you wan na hear frustrated would-be filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions on how they all could've made a better Episode One.
Also you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs underneath your seats. Please feel free to use them.
Nothing a woman loves more than when you beat her at her own head games.
You better not forget it -- now beat it.
The key to the game is your capital reserves. You don't have enough, you can't pee in the tall weeds with the big dogs. `` All warfare is based on deception ...'' Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight ... if not, split and reevaluate.
If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad.
That is - That is why my skin is the color of a cloud, said the old - I just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
There were a lot of them back in the early days, and - Not some girl he knew casually and then remembered after fifty years, on his death bed - You're pretty young, Mr. - Mr. Thompson. A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember.
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Heaven will take you back and look at you and say`Only one thing can make a soul complete, and that thing is love.
One of these days, Melvin, somebody's gon na kick your ass.
Hey.
I peeked behind the Cyclops's eye.
Danger Powers, personal effects.
David, I don't want to lose my virginity to a piece of fruit.
So let me put it this way This is the project, Mr. Lovejoy.
Yeah, I know, I went back and forth on it.
You have a shiny head.
Yeah, we've totally grown up since then.
This is great, this is so great.
His face hurts, and where is his glasses? He can't see without his glasses! Put his glasses on! Put on his glasses! He was gon na be an acrobat.
The swimming pool, however, as you can see was completed on schedule in top class fashion. It says nothing of this in the guide book. With respect, Madam, the guide book is written by a bunch of lazy, good-for-nothing, Indian beggars.
His father's pretty fucked up with In Death ...
I've heard them before from thousands of species across thousands of worlds ... since long before you were created.
Salvation lies within.
You must give her the Stones, she's the only one who knows how to use them.
It's easier sometimes than talking to your folks.
I wish - I've never known a woman like you. In some other time, in some other world, could you have loved me? I know only one world.
... bushels.
All of these people left the room thinking they would have real input.
Kevin?
Pike isn't a name. It's a fish.
Because when I look at what is happening in the world, I know that now, more than ever, we need to become ALL that we can BE. Now, more than ever, we need the Supermen.
God I must have been blind -- still, the weaker the man, the dumber the blonde.
Well, I'm off.
See, you can't keep being nice to me and I can't keep pretending like this is something that it's not. We've been together over seven years.
There's really very little point in my trying to explain. I buy that.
Don't make a move or that dog will tear you to shreds!
You young people should all go fuck yourselves.
I made some refreshments, Dan. Would you like some refreshments, Dan?
Yer as guilty as a cat in a goldfish bowl.
Every dog has his day.
We accidentally replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have about seven seconds to live.
This is a ludicrous situation. There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
We can stay up late, swappin'manly stories, and in the mornin'I'm makin'waffles.
`` Sammael: seed of destruction. Death becomes the fertile ground.'' Didn't I kill you already?
-- I can get you the shoulder-fired SA-7 surface-to-air missiles. The older Chinese model. Not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if used against a commercial airliner.
Stupid superstitious bastard.
-- all non-denial denials -- we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
I have tried to kill him and he will not die. I have a great respect for that. Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
Filthy little hobbitses.
I'll bear it in mind, Admiral.
Dear God, this is the last Battle. I worked it out in my Head every which way and I know There's no way I'm comin'through This alive. You've preserved me This far so I only ask one more Favor: just let me live long Enough to kill that man.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
Sergeand Well fought, Gentlemen. It's time to save the Colours. Get to Rorke'5 Drift.
I'm late for work.
So you really think having two opposing ideas in your head does some kind of damage?
- .... ...
It's raining frogs.
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with ... it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear ... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are dead.
We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us.
Because twenty years from now we're all gon na be dust. Mankind's been trying to kill each other off since the beginning of time and now we finally got the power to finish the job. Ain't nothin'gon na matter when the nukes start flying, and I promise you they will.
It was unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up -- and that might not have been my choice ... but it's real and it got me ... and I think a lot of the time I'm too conservative about that kind of stuff.
It would be nice to think that since I was fourteen, times have changed, relationships have become more sophisticated, females less cruel, skins thicker, but there still seems to be an element of that afternoon in everything that has happened to me since. All my other romantic stories seem to be a scrambled version of that first one.
You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
She was only fifteen.
Unicron, my `` master,'' with this I shall make you my slave!
It's definitely your mama.
Every time I look into this thing, my circuits sizzle.
I don't know if all this has made sense to you, but I wanted you to know what kind of man he was. In his quest to be more like us, he helped show us what it means to be human. My brother was not a human. No, he wasn't ... But his wonder and his curiosity about every facet of human life helped all of us see the best parts of ourselves.
`` We all go a little mad sometimes.''
See you later, Mrs. MacKenzie.
I can see one of them now.
If I'm not 20 times better than boobs-for-brains over there, you don't have to pay me.
You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
Well, great, that's no sweat -- I play video games better than anybody.
I love this dirty town.
You've succeeded in annoying me.
I was in the Show for 21 days, once. It was the greatest 21 days of my life. You never touch your luggage in the show -- somebody else handles your bags. It's great. The ballparks are like cathedrals, the hotels all have room service, the women have long legs and brains -- it's a smorgasbord.
Well, I guess maybe I'd rather see what happens when I stuff your ass into that cannon up there and fertilize the landscape.
It's my outstanding people skills. I hate this fucking town ... Someone better call the police. Deng wa lu yun cai-shen wu.
In ten minutes, a hydrogen explosion.
... I'm gon na bust his head wide open!
I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection.
The old man's on call tonight.
Well ... they say it right when they are ripping the place to shreds. When they flood the house. That like ... destruction is a form of creation. So the fact that they burn the money is ... ironic. They just want to see what happens when they tear the world apart. They want to change things.
Listen, Miss Ladybird, you're here on a rain check and I know it. You're hanging on by your nails. You let that glory whistle blow loud and clear for Eddie and you're a wreck on a railroad track.
You obviously enjoy it so much.
If you'd been hit by a bomb, they'd have known where to take you. Henryk, don't say things like that, God forbid, God forbid.
You've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them ... with whatever you wanted.
Listen to me.
To so many things I want to be for Bill ... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted ... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman ...
You do want to play?
I'm Kevin!
They'd say you came a long way out here not knowing if anyone would be home.
Hey, I got my rocks off, so fuck you in the ass, man.
There's blood spilling in the streets.
I have a very bad feeling about this.
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Oh, I'm hurt. I am very much hurt.
If God gave men brains bigger than dogs', they wouldn't hump womens'legs at cocktail parties.
Well, if you love him so much, why didn't you go see him play?
There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect!
I owe England my life. Don't ask for my soul.
Do you realize that if I played by the rules, right now I'd be in gym?
The headaches will go away - These are more than headaches.
When I dressed like you do now, you threw me out of the house.
She called me a dirty word.
... Awful good cereal flakes, Miz McDunnough.
You broke my wrist.
- and I'll never forget you, Eve.
If this place is cleaned out already, what do we need five men?
She isn't coming yet, Toto.
In the show, Peter Lorre makes a bet that Steve McQueen can't light his cigarette lighter ten times in a row.
Finger's gon na kill me.
That man ... is a brownie hound ... You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch ... I've seen you before, you know ... Who do I think I am?
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse.
And I will do it kill or cure.
Every time they run, you take a shot.
... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it? ... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob.
I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers here. As you can see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open, and the folks here are having a wonderful time.
Tuthmosis?
The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space. Without sacrifice, without death, we would have nothing. This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar. Tyler's kiss was a bonfire on the back of my hand.
The creature shakes him like a rag doll and flings him 50 feet down the field.
We can't have people pukin'in the locker room before the game.
Well I hope that's not true. To be on the road with the last surviving God would be a pretty frightening experience. Why do you say that? Where men can't live, Gods can't either. The road gangs would tear you limb from limb, both of you. The low RUMBLE in the earth is heard again, an earthquake, this time in the distance.
Hey.
Yeah, I mean, sometimes.
Shall we change the channel to a program with some dignity and class? `` The Love Connection,''
You know what nobody understands about certain kinds of underpaid public service work? Now and then you get to put a fucking stake in a bad guy's heart. We're not supposed to talk about that when we visit a third-grade class on Career Day, and it doesn't get you very far into the country-club locker room - but it's hard to beat when you actually get to do it.
Their defenses are broken.
If you think you're not getting on this bus, you're dead wrong. No fucking way are you gon na miss this bus, man! You were probably the kind of kids who had your father drive you to school cause you couldn't catch the fucking bus. But no more, man. You're getting on this bus and you're taking it to the last fucking stop. So get on the fucking bus, man,'cause you're life ain't worth shit in this town.
I have this theory, I think, historically, women have been held back in so many ways that when they get power, like they do behind the wheel, they can't help but abuse it. It's akin to Hannah Arendt's Eichmann theory about prison guards and prisoners switching rolls. That's a charming philosophy.
Jesus Christ. ] Never broke into a car. Never hot-wired a car. Kid. I never broke into a trunk. I shall not cause harm to any vehicle nor the personal contents thereof. Nor through inaction let that vehicle or the personal contents thereof come to harm. That's what I call the repo code kid. Don't forget it etch it in your brain. Not many people got a code to live by anymore.
We are the keepers of the sacred words.
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
Your life's just about to begin.
Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper? You know, when I was in first grade.
As we walked along the flatblock marina, I was calm on the outside but thinking all the time, so now it was to be Georgie the General, saying what we should do and what not to do, and Dim as his mindless, grinning bulldog. But, suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones use like inspiration and what Bog sends, for now it was lovely music that came to my aid and I viddied at once what to do.
If God intended everybody to be the same, he'd have given us all braces on our legs. Momma always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.
The future has found root in the present.
U.S.S. Enterprise, shakedown cruise report.
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. To each of us and all of us ... never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.
Go on, call for help.
That the war is a resigning issue for you. You can't say it's a resigning issue.
Save it, Devaney. The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives.
I just wan na play with your baby.
You think of yourself - you and your column - you see yourself as a national glory ... but to me, and thousands of others like me, you and your slimy scandal, your phony patriotics - to me, Mr. Hunsecker, you are a national disgrace! Son, I don't fancy shooting mosquitoes with elephant guns. So suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day ... But my day with Susie isn't over yet and -- Ten'll get you fifty you're playing hookey from a padded cell!
I used to think I could at least some way put things right. I don't feel that way no more.
Lord, You sure knowed what You was doin'when You brung me to this very cell at this very time. A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewheres, and a widder in the makin'. Same shot as before, but now, prison lights are on: and a man, a prison GUARD, waits close inside door.
You know I need to verify this.
Ed, all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs ...
I allus hoped to see you well fixed and have me a crop of grandkids to kiss and fuss around with. Like to oblige you, Arletta, but right off I don't know where to put my hands on'em. Sometimes I wisht people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize her pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to bring her pain.
Oh, no.
Potato Head ...
I am SO SICK of being right. Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy.
Powers.
Our morale is much higher than theirs, we're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out, and pretty consistently knocking them for six.
`` -- are fucking clown shoes. If they were real, I'd beat the shit out of them for being so stupid.''
I'm going to use the young minds of Angel Grove.
`` Together in Paris''!
If you didn't find him in four hours, I'm sure I will.
You truly are one ugly son of a bitch.
... They got this guy, in Germany. Fritz something-or-other. Or is it. Maybe it's Werner. Anyway, he's got this theory, you wan na test something, you know, scientifically -- how the planets go round the sun, what sunspots are made of, why the water comes out of the tap -- well, you got ta look at it. But sometimes, you look at it, your looking changes it. Ya can't know the reality of what happened, or what would've happened if you hadden a stuck in your goddamn schnozz. So there is no'what happened.'Not in any sense that we can grasp with our puny minds. Because our minds ... out minds get in the way. Looking at something changes it. They call it the'Uncertainty Principle.'Sure, it sounds screwy, but even Einstein says the guy's on to something.
Wish I had a million dollars.
Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
Give your soul to God, Your ass is mine.
Forget it, we're out the door down the hall and gone.
Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
You know on the Weather Channel when there's a tornado, and they tell you to go to the basement for safety?
Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll My head used to swim From the perfume I smelled.
Look at you fat fucking bitches. Look at this fucking fat! It's fucking disgusting!
I can't kill people. My future is in television. Listen, you're thirty-two years old and you've achieved nothing.
Cancer in a box.
Have you guys been fucking? You're gross!
After fight club, everything else in your life gets the volume turned down.
Was up bitch?
I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.
I sound like a psycho. Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free.
I don't like disturbances in my place. Either lay off politics or get out.
We been playing with the wrong bands.
The first system is sound-sensitive, anything above a whisper sets it off.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings: The sun for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned, and some punished, For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
If you will excuse me, Your Excellency, it is our view that matters have gone beyond `` legislation.'' We think it is time you recognized that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle. It is time you left. With respect, Mr. Gandhi, without British administration, this country would be reduced to chaos.
Not particularly.
On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
Yeah ... that course wasn't about what I thought it was gon na be about.
I'm going completely crazy.
I hope you washed your ass this mornin -- it's never been kissed by a king before.
Now you listen to me, young man.
I think maybe when people own things and then they pass away -- a part of themselves gets printed on those things -- like fingerprints.
A lot of the time fucking is all you have, hen you go to sleep at night, you dream of pussy. When you wake up, it's the same thing. It's in your face, in your dreams, you can't escape it. Sometimes when you're young, the only place to go is inside. That's just it. Fucking is what I love. Take that away from me, and I really got nothin.
The gunshot holds no fear. You welcome the sound.
Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin'to fin'out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again.
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?
You know that thing you say, `` it's nobody's fault.'' It's one of the great lies, right?
It was she who somehow knew you best. And like you, she never forgot that one night where real, true love seemed possible.
You killed Jesus! The crowd broke ranks. Nobody wants to be run over by a Coupe de Ville.
I don't know what your reputation is, but after the shit you tried to pull today, you can bet I'll be looking into it. Any conversations you want to have with me heretofore, you can have with my attorney.
Love and happiness for ever. For ever and ever.
I will topple the gleaming pillars and drag the whole fucking diseased, corrupt temple down on my head. Stay tuned. It'll be Biblical.
You got ta be kiddin'me.
You know the moment I heard my child's vision had finally failed her, and that she would forever be blind, I was sitting in that very chair.
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Your Daddy and I, we saw our own father buried like this, dead from fighting the English.
She's still in love with the dead guy, anyway.
I like that guy. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a quality man in Los Angeles? To be honest?
As long as the lady is paying for it, why not take the Vicuna?
... Simple logic.
Well, I hopahopahopa.
If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you I will get very choked up.
Don't do this.
I'm not getting you down at all am I?
Let's go bowling.
I said you `` love the cock''! I got ta be the craftiest motherfucker alive! Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape! You fat fuck.
''
Drunken blue men fight in the streets, strange animals run around loose, and dead or drunken bodies lie in the gutters.
There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon. An overdose of heroin was listed as the official cause of death for pretty 19 year old Diane Hanby whose body was found stuffed in a refrigerator last week ... `` One toke over the line, sweet Jesus.'' One toke. You poor fool.
You're a yellow-bellied Jap lover. Am I right or wrong? You're not only wrong -- you're wrong at the top of your voice.
AllNa'vi people know this story.
Know what Mother said to me?
Bomb, this is Doolittle. You are not to detonate, repeat, you are not to detonate in the bomb bay.
You ungrateful little brat.
Another patron, an elderly man, pulls a checkbook and pen from an inside jacket pocket.
Somewhere in here I was born ... and here I died and it was only a moment for you ... you took no notice ... Madeleine!
You want to hear what it sounds like?
I know my behavior is ... erratic sometimes.
Didn't your mama teach you that water strips a girl's lubrication? Sex in water is great in the movies, not in real life ... but you will learn.
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head!
This is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in the dream, it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
You leave me at the mercy of my enemies.
There is no God. But I hope someone looks after you.
I am always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness! Soon all will tremble before me! Dean Devlin & Roland Emmerich If this isn't an insanely beautiful woman, I'm hanging up.
Sicilians are great liars. The best in the world. I'm a Sicilian. And my old man was the world heavyweight champion of Sicilian liars. And from growin'up with him I learned the pantomime. Now there are seventeen different things a guy can do when he lies to give him away. A guy has seventeen pantomimes. A woman's got twenty, but a guy's got seventeen. And if you know'em like ya know your own face, they beat lie detectors to hell. What we got here is a little game of show and tell. You don't wan na show me nothin'.
If the dream is ever to live again the people must have a true voice.
Sometimes if things are closed you just open them up, you know?
We get up at 5 a.m., hump all day, camp around 4 or 5 p.m., dig foxhole, eat, then put out an all-night ambush or a 3-man listening post in the jungle. It's scary cause nobody tells me how to do anything cause I'm new and nobody cares about the new guys, they don't even want to know your name. The unwritten rule is a new guy's life isn't worth as much cause he hasn't put his time in yet - and they say if you're gon na get killed in the Nam it's better to get it in the first few weeks, the logic being: you don't suffer that much. I can believe that ... If you're lucky you get to stay in the perimeter at night and then you pull a 3-hour guard shift, so maybe you sleep 3-4 hours a night, but you don't really sleep ... I don't think I can keep this up for a year, grandma - I think I've made a big mistake coming here ... We got boo-coo movement.
Admiral, if we were to assume these. whales are ours to do with as we please, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
My husband still can't tie one of these damn things after 20 years.
And here you are sittin'around on your butt playin'house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I., with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
You see ... your death ... my blade will finish you. Usul no longer needs the weirding module. Now, I will tell you how it will be.
Oh my God you're having an affair.
All of you!
Over the dog ... an ugly dog.
I get to feeling like a whipped dog some days, Rolfe, and some night I'm going to bite back. I swear it.
I believe they took Mister Brody with them. Now they have the map! And in this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second.
Dig it, Ms. Wade.
There are people ... they're not people ... about a tenth of a percent of the population had the opposite reaction to the Pax.
... nothing .... and I'm so embarresed .... so embarresed for what I've done ... I'm seventy five years old and embarresed.
But to get ahead in this world, you need more than fair looks and a kind heart.
Altos, that last `` E'' natural could be just a little higher.
Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up ... They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money.
I was raised on a farm in Mooresville, Indiana. My ma died when I was three. My daddy beat the hell out of me because he didn't know no better way to raise me. I used to do dumb things but I'm a lot smarter now. I like baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you.
And if I work hard at it, I think I can be a totally changed person by the time we finish lunch ... I hate those people ... I really do.
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county. None of them live in Hollywood.
You stabbed me ... with a potato peeler?
What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily Asshole?
You're so sly, but so am I ...
Stage One: preparation. For this you will need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.
Some people say they're, like, lezbos or something. But that's mostly just the yag-offs in band ...
As I explained to you, the theatre business Henslowe, you pound of tripe, in my business I would be out of business if I had your courage, so don't tell me about business A famous victory! Kegs and legs. Open and on the house!
What's the last thing you remember, Data ...
Whoever you are, I have a really big dog with me and he bites.
It wasn't logic -- it was love.
In the top right of FRAME The 2nd REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON ...
After he was born, every time Absolutely.
I love it when guys peel out.
Nothing but a wide world o'pain locked in there.
They do?
You want to have like, ten thousand of his babies.
Why?
If they traced the robots here, they may have learned who they sold them to. And that would lead them home!
Never mind.
Don't make me use this.
One day it'll get you killed.
I know Alyssa Jones. I mean, I know Alyssa Jones, you know what I'm saying? Me and Rick Derris used to hang our with her for awhile, right? Just hanging around her house after school,'cuz her parents were like never home, and shit. And one day, Rick just whips it out, and starts rubbing it on her leg and shit; chasing her around the living room - I was dying. But you know what the crazy bitch did? She fucking drops to her knees, and just starts sucking him off right in front of me! Like I wasn't even there man! I almost died! But that's not the fucked up part - the fucked up part was Rick, man - right in the middle of it, he turns to me and he's pointing at her and he says `` Cohee.'' Just like that - `` Cohee.'' So I'm like I'll give it a shot. And I start pulling her pants down all slow,'cuz I figure any second she's gon na turn around and belt me in the mouth, right? But yo, check this shit out - she's all into it man! She don't try to stop me or nothing! She's all wet and shit, and I just went to work, know what I'm saying? Me and Rick are going to town on this crazy bitch, and she's just loving it, all moaning and shit! It was fucked up!
Maybe some labels are best left in the closet ...
Faith reflexively GASPS, stumbles backward, leaving -- dangling on Kase's swordtip.
If I say no?
Ever since I can remember, I've wanted to try this. I even tried to go to summer stock auditions last year, but, of course, my father wouldn't let me. For the first time in my whole life I know what I wan na do. and for the first time I'm gon na do it whether my father wants me to or not!
A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love.
Gentlemen, if anybody's got any great ideas, now's the time ... This is Major Anderson.
I know you don't believe me, but I do. I'm going to tell you something I learned when I was your age. I had prepared a case. Mr. White asked me,'How did you do.'I said,'I've done my best.'He said,'They don't pay you to do your best. They pay you to win.'That's what pays for this office. And that's what pays for the pro bono work that we do for the poor. And for the kind of law that you want to practice. And that's what pays for your clothes and my whiskey, and the leisure that we have to sit back and discuss philosophy.
You don't fight a junkyard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is take the leash off your own, bigger, meaner dog.
Grab the shovel, Harold.
Oh yeah.
`` Disdaining fortune with his brandished steel, which smoked with bloody execution.'' He's got a knife!
I'm wetter than a fish.
You know what it said during your trial, whenever they put you on the stand, no matter what they asked, your answer was always the same ...'I love Mickey.'It also says that when they gave you a polygraph,'I love Mickey'was the only thing you said that registered as the truth.
God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
God, even you want to tell me what I can't do.
Ask Sal.
Can I take your coats?
There was a time when I would've given my life for a kind word.
No pride here.
Getting cold.
... case your aim is anybetter'n your judgment.
`` No duh'' is a product of fear.
Johnnie hits on anything in high heels.
She could talk her way outta a sunburn.
I dreamed some bad people were trying to nail me to a tree with hammers and big stakes and shit. Just like Jesus. They were trying to get to you too, but I wouldn't let`em. I'm a hard-assed, Ford-tough mama bear.
I don't know where you get your information, son, but I don't like it. The only reason I'm gon na do it is ... I need the money, that's the problem with money -- it makes you do things you don't want to do.
-- people in masks can not be trusted. I'm waiting!
Anybody here?
... But biology and the prejudices of others conspired to keep us childless. Our love for each other was stronger than ever ...
If that was all there was to it, any idiot could do it.
I used tobull's- eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back home. They're not much bigger than two meters. Man your ships! And may the Force be with you! This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi and it will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy.
Oh, nice shot, Jaf -- Don't toy with me!
An an ... ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- that's the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life.
Buddy is so low he can look under the table and sees how the table legs run right into the top without screws or nails.
Someone's early.
You're a big fat smart bug, aren't you?
Just me and my little knife! Snip - snip - slice - slice - Can you believe it?
Warm milk?
Look, going good against remotes is one thing.
And it's raining Post Toasties.
Commander!
I fucked her up the ass. Just kidding.
If he gives us any shit, we kill'em all.
The final countdown has begun and a stillness has fallen over this stadium as all eyes turn to one car.
People say I talk too much.
I don't care.
Doing three-to-six for embezzlement?
You piece of shit!
You've got ta be kidding me.
Now I don't want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice.
I will always be baffled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities.
Well, me and a buddy went to the video arcade in town and, like, they don't speak English right, and so my buddy gets into a fight, and he goes'hey, quit hassling me cause I don't speak French or whatever', and the other guy goes something in Paris talk, and I go'um, just back off'and he goes'get out'and I go'make me'.
There are nearly thirteen million people in the world. Try to imagine that many people! None of those people is an extra. They're all the leads of their own stories. They have to be given their due.
oh -- they're all wonderful.
There's hundreds of women out there who are looking for a man just like you.
Taking the fifty percent model, a Christmas Two would grow this country's annual per capita income by close to one-third.
I'm too old to start acting crazy, try a stunt like that. You make it out, send me a postcard.
Remember, Bruce, fish are friends, not food!
Do you have a problem with those orders?
I'm gon na beat him, mister. I beat him all night and I'm gon na beat him all day.
Why do you taunt me with your darkness?
I know what that is.
And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
Get me a mike-a-phone! These boys is not white! These boys is not white!
This is my house, and I get to say. Wherever McGinty sits is the head of the table, you know?
You were a dead man else, for he is a devil of a fellow -- isn't he, Grogan?
The fact is that I could barely hold my own in the pit orchestra of a second-rate music hall. You're much too modest. You have given the reader the distinct impression that I am a misogynist. Actually, I don't dislike women -- I merely distrust them. The twinkle in the eye and the arsenic in the soup.
Play the Marseillaise!
If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
... Who will pinch me to wake me up?
Hey.
... if I'd been president, they never would have killed me.
And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
I know the feeling.
We're on the move.
God's a busy man. I am no longer in control of the craft.
Ever since you came into our lives ... you've been like another father`to us all.- ... You must be strong ... Ivan almost overthrew the planet once ... and now I'm afraid he has the strength to see his scheme through.
It tastes old.
Why are the drapes open?
Spock, that was actually funny.
You push it once, maybe twice for a boost but you don't HOLD it.
Only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
Music to drown by.
And no more of these informal chats - if you've got a discipline issue with me write me up or suspend me and I'll see you at the parent conference.
That she knew my name blew my mind. Some of my best friends didn't know my name.
My father was a relentlessly self- improving boulangerie owner from Belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery. My mother was a fifteen-year-old French prostitute named Chloe with webbed feet. My father would womanize, he would drink, he would make outrageous claims, like he invented the question mark. Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy. A sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament. My childhood was typical. Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons. In the spring we'd make meat helmets. If I was insolent, I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds. Pretty standard, really. At the age of twelve I received my first scribe. At the age of fifteen, a Zoroastrian named Vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles. There really is nothing like a shorn scrotum. At the age of eighteen, I went off to evil medical school. From there ... Since I've been unfrozen, I've had a rancid taste in my mouth. Do you have a piece of gum? Do you think she's prettier than I?
To say that Choco is a product of a broken home is to presume a home existed in the first place.
I was Homecoming Queen.
You are the ones who are the ball- lickers. We're gon na fuck your mothers whole you watch and cry like little bitches. Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who are making the movie, we're gon na make'em eat our shit, then shit our shit, then eat their shit which is made of our shit that we made'em eat.
Shake it up.
He goes for a short time, until the danger can be determined.
Where's Chili Palmer?
I have a whole new world of puzzles for you to enjoy ... A whole new world of pleasures for you to endure.
I should have known it was just gon na be some bullshit hassle.
Come unlock this chain and let me out.
Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once.
Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you. How beautifully we've done it, step by step. Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government. Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
I am being sunk by a society that demands success, when all I can offer is failure. Bloom, I'm reaching out to you. Don't send me to jail.
Let's see the make-up job. Let's see the fucking dress, mamacita, that you wore when you chased after poor daddy's money.
There's nothing in there about Ruby.
Well, isn't this a coincidence! I'm out for a little mornin'ride, and right in the middle of nowhere, I bump into General Ulysses S. Grant himself! We've never been properly introduced. I'm Dr. Arliss Loveless, formerly with the Confederate Army.
Do you like the way I feel?
`` This is a world full of war, famine, poverty, homelessness ... and people make a fuss because two men or two women want to live together, or make love.
That's my brother! That's my brother goddamn it!
Listen to this bullshit. `` This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals.
Hello?
You wan na know what I do? I get paid to take pictures of rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries. seeing more shots Adam took while following Last night I went to your house.
To tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
Do it!
Man o'my years needs a little snort to get his boiler heated of a morning.
For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
Listen, I don't like it when some hard nut comes pushing his way in and out my house in the middle of the night.
White Russian, no ice, hold the vodka and Kahlua.
You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
I guess if it doesn't hurt it's a beautiful thing. Hate's a funny thing. Right now I bet you don't know if you want to kill me, or fuck me.
If anything occurs to you, call me. I was in love with her, you know.'The world breaks everyone, and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break, it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these, you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry'.
You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it.
Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.
Harry, seconds count, buddy. Ditch the bitch, let's go. Unfortunately, Juno, I have a plane to catch.
We say that the hour of death can not be forecast ...
Risk nothing, you gain nothing.
And the Germans have outlawed miracles.
I'm babbling.
Why can't you die from a stroke like everybody else?
When I have fought with the men I will be civil with the maids, I will cut off their heads.
It's all thisshoot-'em-up action bullshit.
I got out of the shower,'' walked downstairs, saw her standing over my father, and called the police.
Sealed with a curse as sharp as a knife ... doomed is your soul, and damned is your life!
I loved you, mighty child.
You're a heavy boy, aren't you?
Well come on bone man.
Ruth.
I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to the White Star Line about all this.
I'm building it anyway.
I feel strangely at home.
Trip, you fuckin'asshole.
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me.
For when we condone the bugging of our citizens'bedrooms, when we allow the police to enter our citizens'homes with specious warrants, when we invade our citizens'privacy in a frenzied quest for a wicked white powder, aren't we capitulating to the evil, aren't we surrendering to the drug?
If your memory was as long as your dick, you'd be in good shape.
You're a seventeen year old piece of gold.
Major West, I highly recommend you never breed. That by the way is my medical opinion. Little thing was hungry.
The Godfather has more eyes than a pineapple. I was saying to Manooj that if a man bows down too many times, there will come a day when he will no longer be able to stand upright.
I'm just like him.
Nothing?
Why take the escalator when I could take a canoe? I haven't had fun like that since college.
You don't know the half of it.
They're - The trouble is, Mr. Thatcher, you don't realize you're talking to two people. As Charles Foster Kane, who has eighty-two thousand, six hundred and thirty-one shares of Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you. Charles Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him. You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
It won't work.
Because this can be quite a fun town, if you have the right guide.
A true friend's work is never done. Grow up, Heather.
She must be exhausted from trying to be witty for you all night long.
Surely he must have H.B.O.
Now I don't want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice.
My favorite color?
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in the dark with shotguns.
Well, it is. Just because I'm happy doesn't mean I'm on vacation. You're just not used to seein'me happy,'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin'years since I been happy. But my shit is forever together. Okay, just checkin'. Take advantage of our penny pussy sale. Buy any piece of pussy a tour regular price, you get another piece of pussy, of equal or lesser value, for a penny. Now try and beat pussy for a penny! If you can find cheaper pussy anywhere, fuck it!
You know, I'd like to try your house sometime. The idea of doing it in my sister's bed gives me a perverse thrill.
I didn't kill my wife.
Have a nice day. Or night.
I have to think about my future. And what people expect from me. So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me? Everybody likes me! East coast people are different. Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash?
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that? I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way. That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either.
It's raining cats, dogs and democrats out there, so this better be worth it.
I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing. Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
You're in for a whole'nother ballgame.
Now let's get the hell out ... What is God's name ...?
You must face and destroy Vader!
I can't breathe.
No, There are too many of them; you can't kill the world.
This shit fucks you up like Percocets! Hold this. Later, me and Justice can shoot each other with it and fuck like stoned test bunnies.
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
X'll go out with who I want and if I want to fuck them then1'11 fuck them!
Helps me with damn near everything.
Like something's wrong with your bones, like your organs are shifting inside your body.
I used to tell Walter, `` Never start a fight ... but always finish it.'' I didn't start this fight ... but by god I'm going to finish it.
When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gon na hit the fan.
The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of ten buildings with blasting gelatin. In two minutes, primary charges will blow base charges, and those buildings will be reduced to smoldering rubble. I know this because Tyler knows this.
I'm ready Spock.
Nobody knows where he is.
Because I want to settle him up and get rid of this jagoff right now.
Like it or not, it's a matter of professional integrity. No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not.
You're lucky to be alive right now, that's all you need to be concentrating on.
With or without my help.
And as Earth dies -- remember that I'm forever Shinzon of Remus! And my voice will echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory.
You know, you're an idiot. You're going to die tonight. You'll be ripped limb from limb. This is the last time I'll ever speak to you.
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
Kill'em all, let the paramedics sort'em out.
- And the very devil with a socket wrench.
When it comes to women, you're a true democrat. If he gets a word in it'll be a major Italian victory.
I tried to destroy him but I fucked up .... You got that right.
Don't be a lightweight ... this is top dollar toot.
And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo-Detoo.
God's justice be done.
The police've got themselves an R.V. James, Alexander, southeast corner.
If we get him, I'll be happy enough.
Never fear.
Ah, Gotham.
That's a long fall.
Every kid knows about Freddy. He's like Santa Claus or King Kong.
I can even handle super-villainy.
There are no individuals. I am the beginning ... the end. I am the one who is many.
Every evening I died and every evening I was born again.
Sandbox love never dies.
Did I say something wrong?
That's the second toy complaint we've had.
You'd find less people on our planet who wanted him alive. Great pipes. I've heard cars fuck with more harmony.
Dude, me and that Dale guy are rescuing you. And getting revenge on those whose shot us in the gut.
One word.
Back home, they would have put me in jail for what I'm doing.
Became a sort of joke between us. Only it wasn't a joke. She never would have turned you in, not in a million years.
Nice guys finish last.
Well, that is eh quite a story.
Well, I couldn't come down in my bathrobe.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Thursday counts as the weekend in college.
We have decided how sad it is for other people that they can not appreciate our genius.
This beast lost a lot of blood.
Ow.
Each man's life touches so many other lives, and when he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
That was either the creepiest ... or the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
... cars at least six times before he could shake all his tails.
Kill you to buy American.
Q. Dang, girl, I didn't know Nike made dresses.
I hate your I hate your people. And I fuck your sons and daughters!
And it would not be a wasted life.
He's really wasted.
What's wrong with being fat. You mean `` Crawling King Flab''
We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: solitude, hardship, exhaustion, death. We're proud of ourselves, in a way. But our enthusiasm is a sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos -- we want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the cosmos. We are only seeking Man. We don't want Other Worlds.
Alright mouthpiece, let's leave the nice Cardinal alone and go for a ride ... Mister McGhee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
... it was all true and we're all going to die and the changed, I saw him change!
All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats. Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire.
She talks about things. We never talk about things.
When you get tired of Cagney and Lacey, come find me.
You're trying to kill me.
I love you.
Look, Amber, I'm not gon na win. And let's be honest, a family only needs one `` Liza'' and you know Peter's got much better legs than me. Your parents'd kill you.
Heroin had robbed Renton of his sex drive, but now it returned with a vengeance. And as the impotence of those days faded into memory, grim desperation took hold in his sex-crazed mind.
I'm betting those bones are gon na do a lot of talking. The past is a funny thing. We've all got skeletons in the closet. You just never know when they're gon na pop up and bite you in the ass, Carl.
These dumb-ass kids never appreciate anything you do for them.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Oh, please, I have tried to bear everything else -- I will try -- but please, dearest, beloved Marianne, do not leave me alone.
... I would've told you everything eventually ... I know.
Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark side will be complete.
Do not inter her sweet body in the same ground as the devils who inhabit this accursed place. Your terrible secret, revealed. You're a man, after all.
Hey. They got a shitload of cookies. Take'em.
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother.
I didn't know your size, so I guessed.
Well, Mr. Bernstein, you were with Mr. Kane from the very beginning - From before the beginning, young fellow.
I think this boy's cheese slid off his cracker. I'll cover you as much as I can, even if it mean my job, but I have to know. Does this have anything to do with what happened at my house? Does it, Paul?
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
My daddy was in the Air Force. I wan na knock open your head and see what's inside. I've had so much pain in my life. I know you have too, I can see it. Holden gave me two of his stories to read. It's like what a story would be. I was about a boy who was put upon, his mother was cold and selfish, and his father wanted him to play football. Other people didn't get him, especially girls. Then the boy comes to believe no one can ever really know him. So he starts actin'out, drinkin', and doin'all kinds of drugs. At the end the boy kills himself but jumpin'over abridge. The second story was pretty much the same as the first. Except at the end, the boy kills himself by drinkin'a bottle of bug poison. Your stories are intense. I just wan na leave some kind of legacy.
Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal. You think I will? I don't know. I know of a guy he goes in the bank holding a bottle he says is nitroglycerin.
But there's one thing you're way wrong about.
You're payin'for my trip, Browning!
... it was amateur night, and you could tell. Whoever it was, they put the dynamite under the passenger side. But what they didn't know, what nobody outside the factory knew, was that that model car was made with a metal plate under the driver's seat. It's the only thing that saved my life. The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse.
I never expected to see you again. I'm like a bad penny.
if you had shot me, you'd be mopping up my blood now ... I couldn't help it if I got scared.
You're right.
My knights have fought my causes.
Hey! I'm glad you're here, Mal. I've been watching her, but she needs a doctor.
Robin.
All you had to do is look her in the eye and lie.
I don't care.
Well, it's good that you're there.
In the belly of that steel beast.
You can almost see the stars.
It's a waste of good suffering.
You never know.
I think they know I'm not eighteen. People only know what you tell them.
Listen, I got a crazy favor to ask.
I have to agree with him.
The way she died.
Damnit, are you boys gon na go chase down your leads or are you gon na sit drinkin'coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?
For someone the N.S.A. has listed as the most dangerous hacker in America, you sure don't look like much.
He'll ditch everybody in the whole world because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him.
Five minutes, Dr. Jones ...
Well, I'm not sure you'd want him to marry your sister.
Rumble, young man, rumble.
You're in the water with the shark.
You start talking to them about puppy dogs and ice cream.
I'm color blind. That's what's wrong - I'm color blind. I've been sitting here for a half hour looking at you and I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet.
I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart. If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world.
Why didn't you just shove a leash up my ass?
In seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska.
Little fuckers are tearing me aparrrr-!
I've never heard of it either.
It always makes us laugh.
You do what you do best trying to stop guys like me. You never wanted a normal-type life?
Or your own space ship.
My New Year's resolution is a far more selfish one than last year, so there is more probability of my keeping it. It is to make my motto: `` Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may be dead.''
Killing isn't like smoking.
Well, I learned it. Don't scratch your head with the shrimp fork.
The most hideous man alive! We give praise to.
Baby, you with the bad boys now.
Optimus grabs Megatron's clawed hand in one of his hands, twists it in see-sawing test of strength which ... Optimus wins in a judo toss which sends Megatron - - skidding face first through steel rubble, in a shower of sparks until he crashes into the side of the city.
I'm a very clever follow.
Tonight, most people will be welcomed home by jumping dogs and squealing kids.
`` ... What I think is, it's never too late ... or, in my case, too early, to be whoever you want to be ... There's no time limit, start anytime you want ... change or stay the same ... there aren't any rules ... We can make the best or worst of it ... I hope you make the best ... I hope you see things that startle you. Feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people who have a different point of view. I hope you challenge yourself. I hope you stumble, and pick yourself up. I hope you live the life you wanted to ... and if you haven't, I hope you start all over again.'' `` ... I hope you start all over again ...''
The tender bows of innocence burn first and the wind rises -- then all goodness is in jeopardy.
You take off in the middle of the night, you don't show up for school.
Try to get some sleep.
He dumps this guy on his ass, his heavy shoe an ounce from crushing his larynx.
I'm Frank T.J. Mackey, Master of the Muffin and author of the Seduce and Destroy System of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the techniques to have any hard-body blonde dripping to wet your dock!
Can I go outside, if I eat this?
Well, Maestro, give us a tune.
You used to be so cocky! You were going to go out and conquer the world! You once called me a warped, frustrated old man. What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities no stocks no bonds nothing but a miserable little five hundred dollar equity in a life insurance policy. You're worth more dead than alive.
And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth ... He says you are very beautiful, Senora, and he is ashamed to ask five American dollars for this picture, but if he does not, his father will beat him.
Now surely, Madame, you're not going to tell me that there hasn't been a time when you wanted to dispose of someone. Your husband, for instance.
I ain't the Madam kid ... I'm just one of the whores.
I can't buy it, Susie! Right out of that mouth I love, like you're a ventriloquist's dummy, your BROTHER is saying goodbye! Gee!
At least I'd know that I was doing something real for two or three seconds, you know? It's all about feat and I'm not afraid anymore, man. Fuck it! Fuck fear!
I'm talking to you!
I'm taking that bird back with me alive or dead!
Must you be the only lonely `` man-beast''
I wan na chastise you!
Nothing exceeds like excess.
The next move was up to me ... Don't tell me!
Just another ugly refugee from the Love Generation. My attorney had never been able to accept the notion -- often espoused by former drug abusers -- that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them. And neither have I, for that matter.
If you're still interested, let me know.
Any monkey business is ill-advised ...
Are you wearing eye shadow?
We had nobody at the mutant hamster races, one entry in the Madame Curie look-alike contest, and he was disqualified later. Why do I even bother?
I absolutely recognize that street violence is tearing Californians apart ... You see, guys, California is my family, and hey, here's a thought.
I'm in love with you.
Listen, honey. Let me call you back. Miles and I are in the middle of something.
To the top of Mt.
Tell the world the truth.
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
Or me.
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.
Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled.
Oh, my God ... Marco, Marco, Marco ... Get your Big Red butt over here! Hang on kid, I'm coming for you!
I'm grown. I get it. You wan na give me'nother bath?
Keep you damn filthy bones outta my mouth. SNAP! He breaks the boney arm in two and runs away from the sea of limbs. A bone arm rips from the grave and reaches for the Book of the Dead but Ash scoops it up first. He leaps over another set of groping arms that rip from the ground!
Why ain't you a sweet little thing? His boney digit caresses her lips.
Oh my God, they killed Kenny!
My God, he nearly cut off her head. When I get to America, I will not live in Brentwood. In the most AIDS infested region of the globe, where one in four is infected, Andre's idea of a joke was to put a young Iman and a young Naomi naked in my bed and no condom within a hundred miles.
We cut to an extreme high-angle shot - God's omniscient POV, perhaps.
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
Everything we know about you guys is wrong.
Jesus.
Let me see if I've got this: The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know 13 years ago, when I wasn't President, participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against it doesn't exist anymore?
Hey.
You can be mad as a mad dog at the way things went ... You can swear, curse the fates, regret everything you ever did ... but when it comes to the end ... You have to let go ... I buried him in the Button family plot.
Well, Spats Colombo -- if I were saw one.
Don't tell anyone, but, I have a little secret weapon of my own. I don't eat shellfish. Mom always says, `` Don't ever eat nothin'that can carry its house around with it - who knows the last time it's been cleaned.'' She should know.
She had got the cancer and died on a Tuesday.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me! Because I know it happens.
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
If I didn't say anything, people assumed the worst. They cried harder. I cried harder. Tonight, we're going to open the green door -- the heart chakra ... I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around.
She's somebody you use to feel better about yourself.
The dead are still dead.
Time for milking.
Fuckin'Schneider got wasted last night.
I haven't!
No Vietcong ever called me nigger.
Living in this house is what's driving me crazy.
I'm not a -- ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man.
My sweat, my labor, my time. If that's not personal, I don't know what is.
But if you hold on to me, very tight, you may live a little longer.
-- why would someone do that?
You are hereby ordered to disperse. Should even one of you resist ... the entire corps will be arrested and imprisoned.'All for one, and one for all.
Your lips would make a lollipop too happy.
Never corner yourself like that. If they'd come at you in force you'd be dead now. One vampire is a lot easier to kill then ten.
There's no coke.
You mean me harm?
Look at me. You keep your eyes only on me, you understand?
The story is ludicrous.
I don't have it ...
I want to look good naked. What is this, the fucking gay pride parade?
Don't say `` spec'' like it's a dirty word. Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a play!
I don't know.
Yeah, I wan na hugga your face! Get a grip, soldier.
Oh, hello, Peter.
Wretched slugs, don't any of you Have the guts to play for blood?
Sam, I can go at least nine more rounds. But you got ta let me in.
Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
Mission Accomplished!
I'm sorry for the grave diggers.
Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
Thank you, fellow opera-lovers. It's been ten years since I elected myself president of this organization -- and if I say so myself, you made the right choice. Let's look at the record. We have fought off the crackpots who want to repeal Prohibition and destroy the American home -- by bringing the corner saloon. We have stamped out the fly-by-night operators who endangered public health by brewing gin in their own bathtubs, which is very unsanitary. We have made a real contribution to national prosperity -- we are helping the automobile industry by buying all those trucks, the glass industry by using all those bottles, and the steel industry -- you know, all those corkscrews. And what's good for the country is good for us. In the last fiscal year, our income was a hundred and twelve million dollars before taxes -- only we ain't paying no taxes.
She starts givin'me some bullshit about it ain't there. It's somewhere else and we can go get it. I'm shootin'you in the head right then and there. Then I'm gon na shoot her in the kneecap, find out where my godamn money is. I go walkin'in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you're the first man shot, understand what I'm sayin'?
Sounds good to me.
Hey.
Hey, Zainab's going to make dinner if you want to eat with us later.
So he was a giant but my grampa was going to fight him because he wasn't afraid of anything because he'd seen how he was going to die in this old lady's glass eye ... That was my father's final joke I guess. A man tells his stories so many times he becomes the stories.
His existence was forming an interesting pattern of betrayals. Sometimes he was unsure whether he was the betrayer or the betrayed.
One day all that ugliness is going to snap back and hit you in the face.
I'll never be able to do that.
Look, if this is about those parking tickets, I can explain everything ...
Here's to swimmin'with bowlegged women.
I've been around, I've seem some things, People movin'faster than the speed of sound, faster than a speedin'bullet. People livin'like Superman, all day and all night. I won't say if it's wrong or I won't say if it's right. I'm pretty fast myself. But I do have some advice to pass along, right here in the words to this song ... Better not look down, if you wan na keep on flyin'. Put the hammer down, keep it full speed ahead. Better not look back or you might just wind up cryin'. You can keep it movin'if you don't look down ... When I was sixteen years old I fell in love ...
I mean, any faggot can shoot a gun.
WHAT WE GOT HERE IS A FAILURE TO COMMUNICATE ...
You're not tough. The second a brother pulls a gun on your ass you'll be holierin'for Doris. So here's the drill. Take it or leave it cause I'm sick of babysitting. I'm your history teacher from here on out. We're gon na deal with shit happening right now. Call it American History ... X. I see your ass once a day. Any more, any less, and you're a memory at Venice High.
He said he'd call tonight.
She's always had a thing for runaways and strays, but this is ridiculous.
It will remind you that every minute of your life is a gift that I have given you.
I think it's sweet. And I think he and your mother have not had sex in a long time. It's the weirdest thing. I feel like I've been in a coma for about twenty years, and I'm just now waking up.
I got a dragon here, and I'm not afraid to use it.
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives ... dressed head to toe in love.
Do I have to tell everyone to take a deep breath? Christie, do me a favor. When we hit the surface on the other side ... no backstroke.
But there are things you do hate, Lord: perfume-smellin'things -- lacy things -- things with curly hair -- She is hard at work to music o.s.
She was, had it all planned, but you know women, they change their minds. I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years and when she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy: she was going to outlive me.
Keaton always said: & quot; I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him. & quot; Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser SOZE.
Only flowers I wan'see's one's over my peaceful self restin'in the dutty. Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan'to stay, leave you stay, you wan'to go.
No, I'm wrong.
Obviously certain `` changes'' have been happening.
So, `` shaved'' is the expression?
A cheer goes up on the pier as SEVEN TUGS pull the Titanic away from the quay.
That's a hell of a thing to say.
It's a clever picture - because you're a clever lad ...
My compliments.
You dreamed about the same creep I did, Nancy ... That's impossible.
Get to the chopper!
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble!
A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will. And the things that went on in that house.
Everybody out here with cowboy boots is a fuckin'county commissioner or related to a county commissioner.
Oh, shut up.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Balance the fucking budget.
Well, that's news to me.
My horse is over here.
Because we may very well be dealing with the two most dangerous men on the planet! This is Jussy's monkey Do something.
Tully shuts his eyes and tightens the rack.
It's when people start talking that everything goes to shit.
some rich white people in a rich white man's car and wham! They run him down and never even stop.
I make horror films, that's what I do.
And the book says: `` We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.''
The `` Citizen Kane'' of gore movies.
You got ta cut your nails or stop that kind of dreaming, Tina. One or the other.
It's dark and empty sky ..... There are frogs falling from the sky.
My guys don't smoke on the job site.
You were never that innocent sugarpie.
Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike, we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are, I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
You're on the path to truth when you smell shit, isn't that what they say?
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny? But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new. You remember why you loved it in the first place.
All ships ready for warp.
The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life -- no one knows why some things work out, and some things don't -- why some of us get lucky -- and some of us ...
You shouldn't be here.
N/A
This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?
Cameron! What a surprise.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we're being ... attacked. The place is crawling with warriors. You want something done, do it yourself! They're hideous. They've got a crest on the head, the eyes of a toad and fingers all over their hands. Totally hideous!
I'm gon na call you back.
This here's the bottomless pit, baby.
You got it all wrong, Potato Head.
Because some people like blueberry waffles.
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace since I'm positive we won't have a decent table, but we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
I'm looking for a girl.
Sniff something did you, rat boy?
If that ain't the truth. And I count on them for a little bit of stew meat ...
Shot myself in the face once with a popgun and a pellet of blood.
Come out and fight me, you chicken shit.
Bet on me, dude. Bet on me like I bet on you.
Would you like me to call a car, Mr.O'Donnell.
You will not get them.
Whisper to them in their sleep that I live only to hold them again and all else is dust and air. Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
We may or may not be followed because we don't even know if he found the roach or not.
Kill'em all!
That is when the world will end.
I may be old fashioned, but I thought murder was against the law.
Stay away a couple of weeks, at least.
Never touched a legend before.
... That is a very small room.
She never heard of Clarice Starling, either.
See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman.
You know, Agent Desmond, I figure this whole office, furniture included, is worth 27,000 dollars.
I sure was surprised the day Lisa Flanagan asked me for a ride home and ended up blowing me.
I make $ 31,000 dollars a year and I have a home and I'm not about to throw it away on some punk like you ... But someday, man, someday. When you're outta here and you've forgotten all about this place ... And they've forgotten all about you and you're wrapped up in your own pathetic life ... I'm gon na be there. That's right. And I'm gon na kick the living shit out of you, man, I'm gon na knock your dick in the dirt!
They should make these things with a goddamn FM radio.
Nothing personal. I just hadda make sure you're all right.
Excuse me!
Least he didn't do that `` walking against the wind'' shit; I hate that.
God doesn't make mistakes, you're a mistake ...
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name.
Rob.
Aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory.
I may have saved the Mayor's baby, but I refuse to save a Mayor who stood by, < u > helpless < /u > as a baby, while a band of hooligans flushed our fair city down the tubes of debauchery, devastation -- Oswald Cobblepot, the mystery man-beast who's been delighting Gotham, today made his bid to deliver Gotham ... from ruffians who've run riot, and from a Mayor he's called `` impotent, inept ...''
Hey, you wan na see them? This is vault, or as some of us have come to call it, the & quot; freak show. & quot; When we found them they were wearing bio-mechanical suits.
You are.
Look, I told you it was a ... mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house.
For these men, ten minutes relief is worth far more than the life of another human being. Torture, the pain they inflict, the screams of the victim, are all part of the ritual that gives them a brief respite from their own psychic pain.
Casey Jones was a son of a bitch. Drove his train in a thirty-foot ditch. Came on out with his dick in his hand. Said,'Listen, ladies, I'm one helluva man. I went to his room and lined up a hundred.
The only thing that made you ten year old life worth living? I'll tell you a story. I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish. I had sixty goddamn fish tanks in my house. I'd skin-dive to find just the right ones. Anisotremus virginicus, Holacanthus ciliaris, Chaetodon capistratus. You name it. Then one day I say, fuck fish. I renounce fish.
Well, Roberts had grown so rich, he wanted to retire. So he took me to his cabin and told me his secret. `` I am not the Dread Pirate Roberts,'' he said. `` My name is Ryan. I inherited this ship from the previous Dread Pirate Roberts, just as you will inherit it from me. The man I inherited it from was not the real Dread Pirate Roberts, either.
Not a one of you is worth a goddamned hair on that good woman's head!
And friends don't hit each other,'less they have to. So whatta you say we start all over and you tell me exactly what the fuck is goin'on? These guys, my investors, they run a limo service, came to me originally, put money in a few of my pictures and did okay, they're happy.
Sometimes we don't do things -- yet others know we want to do things -- so we don't do them.
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
I'm freezing in here.
There must be some easier way for me to get my wings.
Bobby Peru, just like the country.
Make us a nice cup of tea and I'll tell you.
Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make.
Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken, diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world?
Too warm for a sweater, anyway.
A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues. They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win. If these people would just play the game, instead of standing on the touch line heckling - In fact, killing people - - In fact, killing people - they'd get a lot more out of life.
If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels?
I'm coming up and if there isn't a dead body by the time I get there, I'll make one myself. You!
My father was fond of saying you need three things in life.
Somewhere out dere man is de Beast and he hungry tonight ... Man, what a bummer. Ten days and a wakeup and I'm still dealing wid this shit - fuckin'etcetera and ad infinitum man ... What's the matter wid you?
This is the most magnificent discarded living room set I've ever seen.
I would listen to the house breathing. All the people sleeping.
Had I known your taste in novels, I never would've taught you to read.
All the better.
Ah, typical robot. The first Earth-chick we see in ten years, and he's got ta make a play for her.
How does one get off this thing?
Hey, screw ya brain on right.
WELL FIRST YOU GO RIP RIP RIP THEN YOU GO SNIP SNIP SNIP THEN YOU WHIP IN A ZIP ZIP ZIP AN'YOU SPLIT IT UP TO THE HIP HIP HIP AN'AS YOU STRIP STRIP STRIP YOU QUIVER AND SHIVER FOR THAT SOFT CARESS AS YOU SLIP SLIP SLIP ...
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
I don't know if you're the best lawyer I've got or a high school sophomore.
Don't make my mistake, kid ... don't ... be a grunt ... your whole life ...
Plato.
If the worst happens, and only one of us survives, something of the other does, too ... If they don't kill you, they may take you north up into Canada.
Everything good always happens to other people.
Why he has to be stopped.
I'll fight you standing on one foot. I'll fight you with my eyes closed.
You can't turn into a bat, and those teeth don't frighten me.
If I hear you drop one more rhyme,I'ma hafta smoke myself.
This is not the time to be yourself.
We are talking about evil on two legs. I can see this is useless. I don't want to have anyone live through that night again.
Oh, you gon na tell me the reason you lost all the goddam money I got in the world! Let me tell you the reason, motherfucker! The reason is, your ass ain't worth a shit no more! You best back off. What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your assuse'ta be beautiful.
Other than a man that feeds people to pigs of course.
You don't know that.
In telling the story of my father's life, it's impossible to separate the fact from the fiction, the man from the myth. The best I can do is to tell it the way he told me. It doesn't always make sense, and most of it never happened.
Don't you think it's sort of a waste for the two of us to ... Wander separately?
People are alive there. All I know now is that I want to feel things.
Welcome to Pacific Tech's `` Smart People On Ice.'' Ice turned out real good, Ick.
She our American Teen Princess girl.
Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat.
Mr. White.
Your friends are fun and I'm drunk.
According to his date book, and this was verified by his secretary, he had dinner with ...
Why can't Jesse wake up like every- body else?
I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it ... an endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches ... always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter.
This will all end in tears, I just know it.
Nigga, you got knock the fuck out.
Well, gim me a call whenever you wan na cut off my head ...
I'm interested in the 640 million dollars in negotiable bearer bonds you have in you vault.
Hey, if you don't like that one, maybe you'll think it's funny when we throw your ass out the goddamn car!
It was like he had two families. The first time I was introduced to them all at once, it was crazy. Paulie and his brothers had lots of sons and nephews and almost all of them were named Peter or Paul.
Everything green on my boards, Skipper.
... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it? ... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?
People look at me ... and they see my brother. That's how things have gone since the murder of our father.
If I came under the sword of this murderer, I would end up like my nephew. And not you, the sight of my faggot son would only encourage an enemy to take over this country.
If you project weakness, you draw aggression ... that's how people get hurt. Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true. You project strength to avoid conflict.
I've learned a person can survive off pretty much of a goat. I can't abide a chicken, but a goat gives you company and milk and cheese and then, when you need it, good meat. So you've been fighting? I could be at killing for days sometimes, in the hand to hand, my feet against the feet of my enemy and I always killed him and he never killed me.
Look, I haven't been able to reach shit in two weeks. Doubt if anybody's talked to anybody on the whole continent.
You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
Jesus fuck!
When enough time has elapsed to think Dan's gon na jump, he suddenly looks up at Lynch instead of jumping.
It's the so-called `` normal'' guys who always let you down. Sickos never scare me. At least they're commited.
I once traveled with a terrific guide, who was taking me to Faya. He didn't speak for nine hours. At the end of it he pointed at the horizon and said - Faya! That was a good day!
Strange, it looks like a child.
I heard they give away babies like free iPods. They shoot'em out of those T-shirt guns at sports events.
Watch this for me, big buns.
Sometimes I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Or does your manhood go no deeper, then standing to piss?
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Aramis, Porthos and Athos, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours. And as for you, Phillippe ... Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
Well, the man who killed Pretty Boy Floyd. He might have been `` Pretty,'''cause he sure was not `` Whiz Kid Floyd.'' Deputies stifle laughter. Dillinger comes up close to Purvis. They are eyeball to eyeball. Only the bars separate them.
That happens.
Welcome to the Nineties, you're going to be very lonely.
They think I'll make friends if we move. Just move and everything'll be roses and sunshine. But you don't think that's a solution.
I'm walkin'in here on my knees, Ed - a free man proposin'.
We're having an affair.
Rest in peace.
A graphic map flashes within the holograph.
And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious.
touch GAGGI's money, So, now, on top of everything else, I got ta make sure that nobody fucks around with the Golden Jew.
Say the word, and we'll all go home and feed the fish and pay the bills and fall asleep with the t.v. on and miss out on THIS.
If I was only in it for Rex's money, he shouldn't have to give me any.
Anyone fomenting or advocating leaving Fort William Henry will be hung for sedition. Anyone leaving will be shot for desertion. My decision is final. Get out.
All right, let's move like we got a purpose.
If I wasn't, he never had one. Maybe I was what nowadays you call a stooge - Not one of you has been hired because of his loyalty.
I say it one time.
Knowing that you don't know is the first and most essential step to knowing.
Where the hell is my bomber?
Could you do it slower, and with more intensity?
Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor. My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands. I like the blood, is that strange?
What do I have to do to prove to you I'm not a killer?
We need Ninja MEGAZORD POWER, NOW!
Instead of something I want, can I have something I don't want?
Character actors.
Hey!
With the taxes we pay, you'd think they could make it more difficult to hack into the Police personnel files.
You are the worst thing that ever happened to me.
Yo, Larry.
You judge everything too severely.
People get obsessed.
Oh, I fell over.
My sister gave those pearls to me ...
She don't like the cornbread either.
I can feel everything you feel.
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time.
I'm a rational woman, okay.
Minor awards are for such as the writer and director - since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it and no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington. Eve ... but more of Eve, later. All about Eve, in fact.
See, if you get on that radio, you're gon na find out that we're wanted in two states and probably considered armed and dangerous, at least I am, then our whole plan would be shot to hell. Louise, take his gun.
Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here.
I'm a fucking criminal.
You know somethin Uitivich, I think this just might be my masterpiece.
You have five seconds.
In order to be successful, one must project an image of success.
Damage report.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
One thing I know is I never want to be like him.
Dabblin'in watercolors, Eddie?
I think we should talk when you're a little less excited.
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
Yeah, or `` later, dickwad.'' Or if someone gets upset you say `` chill out.'' Like that. Or you can do combinations.
Larry, just between you and me, we've got a very serious problem with the people who are taking care of the place. They've turned out to be completely unreliable assholes. Ullman phoned me last night, and I'm supposed to go up there and find out if they have to be replaced.
Everything he knows is wrong.
Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy. When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything.
Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.
You idiot. I always wear it. I've always worn it.
I can't do this without my other arm! Did we lose them?
My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets! You actually think you're THE `` Buzz Lightyear?''
You hush.
Well, and it's pretty cool too, ya know?
He was dead just long enough for a murder rap to blow over, then he had lunch. I don't know about that. I don't think you do. But you say you saw Keaton die. I think you're covering his ass and he's still out there somewhere. I think he was behind that whole circus in the harbor. My bet is he's using you because you're stupid and you think he's your friend. You tell me he's dead, so be it.
... Just nod yes or no ... `` Il Nouva Esta Fuckin'Pinicko''
Crow led and alive with music, laughter and raucous carrying on.
Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you don't have a tab.
This officer's record shows the accused to be an insubordinate, unprincipled career opportunist with a history of violating the chain of command when it suited him. Indeed the record will show that `` Captain'' Kirk was once `` Admiral'' Kirk and that Admiral Kirk was broken for taking matters into his own hands in defiance of regulations and the law. Do you deny you were demoted on these charges, Captain? DO NOT WAIT FOR THE TRANSLATION ANSWER ME NOW!
I fear weakness does.
Try to take Payne alive, if there's anything left.
They had never known what all know within, that to know is not to know, not to know is to be known.
I've always been loyal to you.
There's always something.
It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover. Sweet dreams, Mademoiselle. He gives her a little salute, and walks into the black of a curfew imposed night. She looks after him. She didn't show it, but he kinda got to her. After all, for any true cinema lover, it's hard to hate anybody who, CINEMA MON AMOUR.
I'm sweatin, dude! That's how I'm `` doin.'' I'm sweatin my contract. I'm sweatin'Bob Sugar calling and telling me I'm blowing the big endorsements if I stay with you. I'm sweatin'.
There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world. But that wasn't good enough.
This syrup you're giving out, Sidney, you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker! What do you mean that lousy kid will give up my sister?
Listen. I don't know who you are, or where you came from, but from now on, you do as I tell you.
I'll enjoy making you bleed. I'll enjoy making you enjoy it.
Or maybe make a few friends among us cons. Me, I think he did it just to feel normal again ... if only for a short while.
Sprite, good, mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down with?
'Cause none of you got the guts to be what you want to be. You need people like me so you can point your fingers and say'hey there's the bad guy!'So what does that make you?
Forget my troubles Put my own life on hold Let a studio tell me how to view the world! Let's go get fat ass!
I am Galen Bradwardyn, inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, and I am the Sorcerer you seek.
Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe. I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals.
There are rules. on the floor looking up at Zep, asks The key to that chain is in the bathtub.
You run one time, you got yourself a set of chains. You run twice, you got two sets. You ain't gon na need no third set because you're gon na get your mind right ... And I mean right.
We're both ragged out right now.
Love is another story .... I meant no disrespect .... Answer me this riddle and all is forgiven.
Get the fuck out of my way, man!
There's not a day in my life when I don't feel like a fraud. I mean priests, doctor, lawyers I've talked to them all, I don't know anyone who hasn't felt that.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils.
You're assuming I won't shoot your sorry ass, and everyone knows when you make an assumption, you make an ass out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a'tude, jerkoff, I will see to it you spend the next ten years in prison getting ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown out because my arrest is too violent, then I will personally HIRE men to ass-fuck you for ten years. So if you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead and mouth off, but meanwhile you're under arrest for the crime of prostitution, now shut the fuck up before I cut out your kneecaps and use'em as ashtrays.
Jesus, here I am, sitting in the center of a lot of wealth, the escalation in crime couldn't be better, and I'm not turning a damn nickel on it ... Oh shit.
There go all of my hope, my precious plans, my glorious dreams.
If you think I'm going to let a sixteen year old take responsibility, then you underestimate me.
The possibility of physical and mental collapse is very real ... No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride ... Shit!
When I was a little girl, my mother would remind me each night before bed to be sure to open my heart to God, for he was kind, merciful and just. Things changed after my father left a few years later, leaving her to raise me and my brothers alone in a little place out on the edge of the Mojave Desert. She never talked about a kind and merciful God again. Instead she spoke of a prophecy. Of a time when all the world would be covered in darkness and the fate of Mankind would be decided. One night I finally got up the courage to ask my mother why God had changed, why was he mad at his children.
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
No, fish make love in it.
I never lied to you.
I can taste your stink and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it.
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
The aftershocks fade.
I am useless.
God promised Abraham that he would not destroy Sodom if he could find just ten righteous men. I have a feeling that for Germany it may come down to one.
It's good for two things: degreasing engines and killing brain cells.
I now declare this bridge open.
They're going to walk right past me.
Definitely not from around here.
Ladies, ladies, ladies!
Every night a different part. Goddam Florsheim shoe, goddammit.
Don't forget about me, guys.
Do you know - you ought to find yourself a girl. His English is very bad.
I know.
Hi.
I don't know.
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies. You can't buy car with cookies.
Billy and his penis don't deserve you.
You just tell us what we need to know, you two live happily ever after. My sister loves you, motherfucker, and I ain't gon na have you break her heart. Wish I had a brother like you. A girl says she loves you, you say something. I had better sex in prison.
Next time I see you, you die.
Hey, big guy -- Don't I get a hello?
Pumpkin you're dating the biggest dickweed in New York.
Lower your voice.
You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy!
What do you need, a road map?
Well it looks good.
Keep your ugly fucking goldbricking ass out of my beach community!
You know the devil and all his minions are marked that way.
I've never been to Earth. I've never even slept over at some other dude's house!
Get me there first, or there'll be the devil to pay.
You know one of the ways movies still have Squid beat? Because they always say `` The End.'' You always know when it's over.
It's blood from when I cut my hand when I was making it for you.
She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal of mine. She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who ever laid their eyes on Cor- a-line. When she comes around exploring Mom and I will never ever make it boring our eyes will be on Coraline.
I got to get some stuff out of the trunk.
I don't care what you do with the others but finish the girl!
We all know it doesn't matter who gets elected president of Millard. You think it's going to change anything around here, make one single person happier or smarter or nicer? The only person it matters to is the one who gets elected. The same pathetic charade happens every year, and everyone makes the same pathetic promises just so they can put it on their transcripts to get into college. So vote for me, because I don't even want to go to college, and I don't care, and as president I won't do anything. The only promise I make is that if elected I will immediately dismantle the student government, so that none of us will ever have to sit through one of these stupid assemblies again!
Ling Ling finds a wallet on the ground filled with money. She takes the wallet to the address on the driver's license but keeps the money inside the wallet.
You have my word.
I want you to tell me a story, Tin-Tin.
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Well now H.I., looks like you been up to the devil's bidnis!
I don't have a name for what he is.
Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things.
If you don't show up, I will presume you've gone to the police and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, someone will find you wherever you are and kill you.
So get a bird or a fish, something that doesn't shed.
Twenty fives?
I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
Excuse me, but this island didn't have a murder rate until you people showed up.
If you are killed in the Matrix, you die here? The body can not live without the mind.
Hey, everything's going great -- don'ty'think?
Well something sure as hell ain't right ... They're in a CITY. Gleaming metal, spread out for miles in every direction. Portions decimated by fires long since cold, others overgrown with weeds, but mostly intact. But silent, as if trapped in amber.
Look, I haven't been able to reach shit in two weeks. Doubt if anybody's talked to anybody on the whole continent.
N/A
Law Eight: There is only one penalty: Death.
We do what they want us to, none of us will be alive to tell'em they were wrong.
They're as regular as clockwork ... or a time lock ...
There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gon na die.
If I saw something like clever coffee table sin the shape of a yin and yang, I had to have it.
She drops to her knees, clutching her head.
`` A storm is coming, Frank says. A storm that will swallow the children ... and I will deliver them from the kingdom of pain.'' `` I will deliver the children to their doorsteps. I will send the monsters back to the underground.
One packet of cigarettes.
If ya think readin'comics about yer life seems strange, try watchin'a play about it. God only knows how I'll feel when I see this movie. But truth be told, the play wasn't half bad, and we got a free trip outta it.
CONNOR strains against the bars like a madman. Mortar continues crumbling until one bar actually RIPS AWAY COMPLETELY.
Some things belong on paper, others in life.
Why did you do it?
Well let me tell you something, I didn't ask to be a girl.
It's better that way.
Do that again and I'll flatten you.
Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city. He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal. I mean, he actually enjoyed it. Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies. He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best.
You heard.
It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity: a lost world in South America! Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls, it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science. Who would dare set foot on this inhospitable summit?
If what I think is happening is -- it better not be.
.. Unfortunately I'm not in the book, but a bright boy like you should be ab1e to find the address ... See what I mean?
No, but, Wade, see, I was bringin'you this deal for you to loan me the money to put in.
The day will be the day before you died, the happiest day of my life. I'll be able to relive it forever.
Two kids tried to set me on fire.
I only have myself.
You don't take money for one reason: to buy being dishonest about everything else. And that's worse than taking money nobody gives a shit about - drug money, gambling money nobody's gon na miss. I'd rather you took it and been honest with me. Or don't take it, I don't care. But don't then go cheat on me. Don't cheat on your kid by never being around.
You're the only person I know. I guess you're not home.
I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P.
I'm not supposed to be babysitting Princess Drool.
You did good, Bob.
Why does everyone wan na see my schlong?
Can't hear you, young fellow.
I'11 probably shit blood tonight.
On screen.
They are not the same thing. And if you want results, you will let me do my job as I see fit.
This is better.
She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.
I'm in the book, if you ever want to drop me a line or something. I'm an ape, mom. I'm an ape. And apes don't drop lines.
Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about ... they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him, but to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well, in my book he died a much richer man than you'll ever be! I'm not interested in your book. I'm talking about the Building and Loan.
It's a problem without an answer.
Right about there.
Answer when the Governor asks you a question you filthy young swine!
It's too damn hot.
Visit those foreclosin'sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
That's too much power for one man to have.
N/A
So, I'll see you in school I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be `` occupied''.
he told me a thousand stories -- she was a wolf or an indian or a donkey. Don't say much for him, except you know he'd be fast to work up a sweat on a tree if he thought there was pleasure in it. There's cows to milk. Used to be as regular as morning prayers. Matter of fact I could set my watch by my bowels. That beeswax you fed me, day before yesterday, it stops a man up. Open my gut now they'd find turds stacked up like little black twigs.
Do you know what the words `` low profile''
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies. I want things to be as they were.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear. Never, never, not as long as I can remember has anybody been as rude to me as you have.
I know about you and the teacher.
You're a beautiful girl. You don't want to ruin your looks. I've seen a lot of girls get shot to hell from this stuff.
You wish to spank my sister with a ping pong paddle?
Well, that's news to me.
You can't expect to kneel down in the middle of a highway and live to talk about it.
Gollum ... Dont follow the lights!
Top of the sixth.
Look at that fuckin'bone. Tie this for me.
I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
It's quite a thrill, Craig.
Now who's this mother fucker?
This beaner fare doesn't agree with me, but the price sure is right.
Kids, did you do your homework?
And he wants cash on the nail. He's a pot skulled reef worm with more hop in his head than blood.
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us.
Trouble was ... she was in the arms of someone else ...
I am standing here at Wind River where they found the body of Teresa Banks. Diane, this case has got a strange feeling for me. Not only has Agent Chester Desmond disappeared but this is one of Cole's Blue Rose cases. The clues that were found by Agent Desmond and Agent Stanley have lead to dead ends. The letter below the fingernail gives me the feeling that the killer will strike again. But like the song says, `` ... who knows where or when''.
If you must know, we have a long standing agreement never to go to bed sober.
Sorry, Po.
Oh, I doubt that's the case.
Look, he wouldn't have any reason to be up there in the first place.
'Cause for the next five weeks you can not wipe your own goddamn ass ...''
Somebody put me back in the fridge.
I wonder.
I wanted to.
The gangsta of love don't eat no fried chicken ... Unh-unh.
If I leave here without understanding you, the world will always see you as a monster.
Open it or he'll be dead before he hits the floor.
Shrek, I'm gon na die.
Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean.
Yeah, I have that effect on people.
Try any sleight-of-hand with my money and Ill cut your throat.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant! All right, I'm leaving.
Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, `` Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.'' Don't be resigned to that.
And Corvis has that.
You always want to invest in things people can't do without.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree -- so don't give me too many bumps.
You're the only person I know. I guess you're not home.
... you know the best thing that could happen to me right now? That you get hit by a truck and die.
The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh?
I don't know whether to shoot or fall in love. You poor guys ... always confusing your pistols with your privates ... Don't hurt us!
I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh and I can't find my baby ...
You said it was broken.
... and don't stop till I tell ya.
I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll. Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, `` We've only just begun.'' Three minutes, twenty-three seconds.
If you hurt someone intentionally, it's not a mistake.
If these people lose their jobs, nowhere to go.
Well, you know what they say. Human see, human do.
As the old saying goes - you don't start none ... there won't be none.
I'll be back in five weeks.
If you were really great and powerful, you'd keep your promises!
I practice only when I am alone and it is dark. At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it.
... Just the usual spadework until we hit the masonry of the vault, and then we drill through. And will you be able to wield the drill with your maimed extremity?
My lady, this play will end badly. I will tell. You will not tell. As you love me and as I love you, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig!
Forty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-five.
Petroleum.
Every day of your working life, you have given people the news that they are going to die soon. Now you will be the cause of death. Your aim in this game is to kill Adam. glances down at the tape recorder wide-eyed, You have until six on the clock to do it. There sa man in the room with you. When theres that much poison in your blood, the only thing left to do is shoot yourself. There are ways to win this hidden all around you. Just remember: X marks the spot for the treasure. If you do not kill Adam by 6:00, then Alison and Diana will die, Dr. Gordon. And Ill leave you in this room to rot.
I love you, Mr. Chuck Barris, management trainee. Life was sweet. For a minute.
If he could only see you now.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear ... I will permit it to pass over me and through me.
You're the Department of Transportation, and you discover that our company intentionally did nothing about leather seats cured in third world countries with chemicals we know cause birth defects? Brake linings that fail after a thousand miles. Fuel injectors that burn people alive. Just who the fuck do you think you are?
You see, my dear, the word has gone around. As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
Nothing but the best for Greta!
Mellow greetings.
Do you know who I am?
If I swear to him, then everything I am is dead already. Your people are lucky to have a princess so kind that she can grieve at the death of a stranger. You will die! It will be awful! Every man dies. Not every man really lives. Drink this! It will dull your pain. It will numb my wits, and I must have them all. If I'm senseless, or if I wail, then Longshanks will have broken me. I can't bear the thought of your torture.
And I'm much smarter than he was.
Ann.
We now return to `` Bullit'' already in progress.
I will not fight and because I won't, I will not cast a vote that will send others to fight in my stead. And your principles? I'm a parent, I don't have the luxury of principles.
-- When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of -- was a hall pass. That's all I wanted. I loved moving freely around the school while everybody else was trapped in there ... And that's how I feel right now ... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
I'm an American and I demand to see Liza Sutton!
Well, kids don't like their parents to get divorced.
- For the artillery you know. When I speak of time, I'm referring to the fourth dimension.
I am merely the channel. My only wish is that I'd caught you earlier. I might have spared five lives. Those lives were a necessity, a sacrifice. Five otherwise meaningless creatures called to serve a greater purpose.
Look, I'm not some crazy Ted Bundy guy. I'm not going to rape you or kill you or anything.
A bull I fell off.
There was no way I was gon na walk around this place with my dork hangin'out!
Good things never last, Mr. Denham.
- and I'll never forget you, Eve.
Even made Jennie and me watch Amy for a few days when they went on their honeymoon. But I didn't mind, we loved the kid. Can you feel my eyes on you? Can you feel me look into your heart? Can you feel me in the pit of your stomach?
N/A
I'm on their blacklist already, their roll of honor.
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them if they bear it. The rear view mirror; Sampson biting his thumb.
I look naked.
Never did get that first name. And you never will. Are you people deaf?
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone. Bullshit or no bullshit, they put you in that book, you're gon na be in a lot of trouble. You will not be able to walk into the casino.
Welcome, friends and family! Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an amp? Victor and I would especially like to thank our out-of-town guests for coming to celebrate with us as we welcome Edward and the Fletcher- Wootens into our family.
For I have the strength of many.
And it was up to this guy right here, standin'in front of about two million dollars, to skim the cash off the top without anybody gettin'wise ... the IRS or anybody.
I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before. I shot this one.
You are such a wet.
And now that our birthday girl is finally here, let the games begin!
I know, Liz, I've been an idiot, and I'm sorry ... You OK?
Yeah, well, your best better get a helluva lot fuckin'better, or you're gon na feel a helluva fuckin'lot worse. Everybody be cool.
You're ALIVE!
His head snaps back as someone punches him in the face.
I forgot I asked you to do it but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass. And now the cops know I wrote it, which is gon na keep my ass out of jail. That, plus everyone agreeing that the Phoenix police department shooting an unarmed Santa was even more fucked-up than Rodney King. The cops are treating me like fucking royalty now which is new in my experience. They are gon na make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department. Whatever. ... As for my little helper, I am sorry to have to tell you that him and his prune-faced mail-order-wife are gon na be exploring mountains with your dad. I hope your dad doesn't go sucking shit from them like I did. Meanwhile, I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your Dad gets back in one year and three months. They made her a Guardian Pro-Temp or some such shit ... anyway, she makes better money than bartending and seems to like you and your house and Jacuzzi.
It's only a dream, anyway.
If I put you in the pool right now, you'd sink like a goddamn stone.
If I do it, everyone in this room that's pretending not to watch us will assume we're fucking or something.
Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time? Of course I have a secret identity.
That's sweet of you, asshole.
That guy really came there tonight just to kill you.
You lose, campadre.
Because it's a brilliant film.
Open our eyes and show us the Chosen One to whom we offer this sacrifice of Innocent Blood.
I would only kill a bad man. Only a bad man.
She's worth thirty-seven million pounds.
It is a silly place.
The king is dead ... long live the king. Were it not for my companion I believe I would be having the time of my life. He is quite possibly the foulest person I have ever met.
Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up ... They can fix a spinal, if you've got the money.
You look like shit.
I know this is verboten, but if you feel like a chat or maybe dinner, give me a call. I'll understand if you don't.
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on -- Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!
And what, to flog a horse that if not at this point dead is in mortal danger of expirin', does the dotted square represent?
The word only means `` community.'' But it could stand for `` village''
I just -- woke up a few hours later and found my way back, somehow.
Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
It's blood from when I cut my hand when I was making it for you.
Cuz the only thing around here that ain't real is you.
Nothing. emember when you were a kid, and you'd hold your breath when you went past a graveyard?
Drew, I know your dog died, but ... get a grip, man, you're freaking me out.
So tell me.
You didn't expect to find me.
I am not most people.
Guess!
You know that pain and guilt can't be taken away with a wave of a magic wand. They're things we carry with us - the things that make us who we are. If we lost them, we lose ourselves. I don't want my pain taken away.
But with all the attention the newspapers and television have given you, you'd think that you were the pope or something.
Nothing of importance. Just two old men slapping each other with lilies.
She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
Why don't you go find a haunted house and rattle some chains.
My client says there are two more bodies ... two more dead, hidden away. He will take Detective Mills to these bodies, but only Detective Mills. Only at sixo'clock, today.
Well, how'd you like to kiss my sister's black cat's ass.
This is the most tormented man I have ever known. I am in love with this man. He doesn't know that. I never told him cause he can never love anybody since he lost his hand and his girl.
'T is true; and therefore women, being the weaker vessels, are ever thrust to the wall.
Always a disappointment.
You've been targetted for termination.
... we're all just one trade away from humility, Buddy ...
I'm on it Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
By the rules of war, a dispatch rider with a marked case ... Would you like a lesson in the rules of war?
... You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
Forget the other offer and I'll raise you twenty-five bucks a week.
What's wrong?
When was the last time you felt happy?
For example, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea. I mean to say, I think Fay may be jealous.
Feminine hands stamp small packets of blue cellophane with the words`Blue Magic'- And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey.
Orders are -- nobody can see the Great Oz!
I have tried to kill him and he will not die. I have a great respect for that. Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
There's nothin'good about it.
Paulie might have moved slow, but it was only because he didn't have to move for anybody.
A son is a poor substitute for a lover.
So far this is not blowing my skirt up, gentleman. Do you have anything remotely substantial? Don't be pumping beets up my ass here.
Do you remember me?
I wan na dance.
Too much reality for a Friday night.
Do you think this was worth waiting all day to see?
Darn it, I forgot to take my birth control pill.
I will give the funny man exactly five seconds to step forward.
Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
You're such good people and look what happened to you.
Have you been in a fight, Commander?
How much can you really know about yourself if you've never been in a fight?
My fax said `` have a good fright''. Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun.
All I know is we saved your ass from some angry fucking dwarfs and you promised us se~ .. Didn't this crazy bitch promise us sex?
Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!
One final thing I have to do, and then I'll be rid of the past, forever.
Tush, thou art deceived.
-- Zero isn't interested in your life story.
This is a true story!
You know, these exercises are fantastic.
The days dwindle on forever and do not end.
Ursula Andress was the quintessential Bond girl. That's what everyone says. The embodiment of his superiority to us: beautiful, exotic, highly sexual and yet unavailable to everyone but him. Shite. Let's face it: if she'd shag one punter from Edinburgh, she'd shag the fucking lot of us.
Never seen such a sorry-lookin'heap of maggot shit in my life.
If you don't see it, it's not real ... Jesse James, you are under arrest!
You want to learn the first rule you'd know if you ever spent a day in your life ... you never open your mouth till you know what the shot is. You fucking child ... You are a shithead, Williamson ... Mmm.
I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty. I mean empty. She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge.
... He's no more equipped to lead us than THIS fellow.
That was a close one, ladies and gentlemen.
- I told you a long time you little fuckin'monkey, not to fuck me and .... Who the fuck you think you're talkin'to, hunh!
Central Services don't take kindly to sabotage!
Oh, my.
I'm not going to report this or anything you do to me crops, to the news or TV or anybody! You're not going to get famous!
Because see, my mother was banging the milkman.
I just want you to know I love you son. I love you very much.
Don't you people die?
When all the men are dead you will take your share of the treasure?
I asked very nicely.
Joke?
it's only an eye for an eye. An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Fuckin'low-life, cocksucker, etc.
-- sold you to Humble Pie for fifty dollars and a case of beer?
Meanwhile, in Rome today, the Pope issued a message of hope for believers in their fight against what he termed the godless and lost. He did not mention Simon Grim by name, but offered a prayer for the young whom he described as sadly in need of faith and not the illusion of conviction offered by rock music, drugs and contemporary poetry. God, Simon, I mean, like, you're a total fucking rock star. I'm willing to negotiate, Simon.
You are as abandoned and as noisy as any character in a porn film, Laura. You are Ian's plaything, responding to his touch with shrieks of orgasmic delight. No woman in the history of the world is having better sex than the sex you are having with Ian in my head.
Dipshit Kinsley has a nice ring to it.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
When you meet this woman, just relax and be yourself. Would you be yourself ...
A pussycat is born to be whipped.
I've got ta be home by ten.
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name.
You will travel far, my little Kal-El. But I will never leave you. Even in the face of my death the richness of my life shall be yours. All that I have learned, everything I feel, all of this and more I have bequeathed to you my son. You shall carry me inside you all your days. You will make my strength your own, see my life through your eyes, as your .life will be seen through mine. The son becomes the father the father becomes the son. This is all that I can send with you, Kal-El. And not near so rich a gift as that your mother sends along. Her ... love.
There he goes again.
What tied the room together, Dude?
Buy some worthless old boat and fix it up like new.
I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women!
You're a pretty funny guy.
Your flying days are over.
Have you someone there?
I love you, Nickie,'cause you know such lovely people!
Jim must've addressed that E-mail wrong.
This is no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
You can't audit life!
Well, I'd sure like to go into the subject of vertigo and all, but I wouldn't want you to piss yourself.
You mocked me once, never do it again -- I died that day! You can die too, for all I care!!
If you will not bow before a sultan, then you will Ladies and gentlemen, a warm Agrabah welcome for Now where were we?
I'm not hungry.
He says the Titanic just arrived.
I reckon it'll be on the SixO'Clock news here, oneo'clock your time, so it's going to fist your fucking vote apart.
The bed looks like a dead animal act.
Everybody's waiting for the next surprise Round that corner, man hiding in the trash can Something's waiting now to pounce, and how you'll scream Scream!
Hard to do when your best friend's wrapped around a naked rug-muncher on your couch.
We want to be rich. Take his brain.
Never cross the Great Magnet.
The beer wench?
Hey, Beavis, check it out.
I suggest we pose as tourists and do site-level reconnaissance.
You hit a demon with an instrument of God - the pure side's always going to do the most damage.
Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth.
I'm gon na fire that slimeball so fast his not gon na know what hit him!
Beautiful!
Oh, shit .... Bill?
I run out of things to say ... Thank you.
That giggling, dirty- minded creature I'd just seen crawling on the floor.
There are a lot more of those cam dinging, grill-crackin'things. We can't hold out forever, but we can give them one whopper of a repair bill.
I have to return some videotapes.
You mean, like a robot? Not a robot.
If the food don't kill ya, the service will, hahaha!
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel. I will kill both him and the man who told me. Once a Musketeer, always a Musketeer, eh?
This is where I get off.
You couldn't turn me in because of Doctor-Patient privilege ... and I don't want to be `` withholding''
So what's your problem, tough guy? Stay away from my life, my wife, my home and my pets! I'm taking Lana on a vacation and when I come back, I don't ever want to see your face again! A VACATION! She doesn't deserve a VACATION! She's a brat! A bad girl! She always was and always will be!
Very funny.
Dreyfus once wrote that on Devil's Island he would see the most glorious birds. Many years later in Britanny he realized they had only been sea gulls. To me they will always be - glorious birds.
Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
This is my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look just like everyone else.
Hey, you, monkey man! Anything you got ta say to them, say to me first.
It's a mystery You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
And this is just a little taste of my power.
I watched you out there I've never seen you look like that Come to that party with me.
If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men, all races, can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship.
no blood, no dying, that's how I look at it.
This is the end of the unholy trinity?
... I said, I like your hair.
You leave and I'll kill you ...
Take the throttle, John Parker!
It's the world's most popular assault ritle - a weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forged steel and molded plastic. It doesn't break, jam or over-heat. It will shoot whether its covered in mud or filled with sand. It's so easy, even a child can use it. And they do. The Russians put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian peoples'greatest export - after that comes vodka and suicidal novelists. One thing's for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.
I don't know, badly. You know, you're just like your mother.
Oh, it's so beautiful.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise.
Only thing I knows you as: Cassius Clay!
It was that night I discovered that most things you consider evil or wicked are simply lonely, and lacking in the social niceties.
Damn you, Jack Spar-row!
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
Doors ain't as bad as you think.
Dorothy!
One chop to guy's neck. And it's all over. They're the sharpest things in the world. They can hack through anything.
See, we find out the killer suffers from multiple personality disorder.
Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
She was in here when it went down.
Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass?
He's had experience.
The kid.
Merry Christmas.
I don't want to kill you, and you don't want to be dead.
You run the job, but I run the show. You got two weeks to set it up.
You're madder than I am.
Oh, I can't believe it.
I think they mean to cut their throats if we don't back off.
-- and got off at 59th, where I assume it was going to Bloomindale's to buy a hat that will turn out to be a mistake. As almost all hats are. Did you know that every night a truck pulls up to H & H Bagels and pumps about a ton of flour into the ground? The air is absolutely amazing.
I have built you a good ship, strong and true.
When this kind of fire starts it is very hard to put out.
A nasty grin forms on her face as she lies in the dust.
Pardon by French but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond. And Cameron would worry that he'd owe taxes on it.
It's actually shorter than all my other tentacles but you can't really tell.Especially when I twirl them like this.
She lies unconscious, helpless. I think maybe we ought to leave.
Well here Charlie has one trussed up and all set to drain him and the beef comes to. It starts thrashing around, six hundred pounds of very pissed-off livestock if you'll pardon my ... Charlie grabs his gun there to shoot the damn thing in the head but what with the swingin'and twistin'it's a glance-shot and ricochets around and comes back hits Charlie in the shoulder. You go see Charlie, he still can't reach up with his right hand for his hat ... Point bein', even in the contest between man and cow the issue is not certain.
I'm feeling kind of superior tonight. Seven high schools in seven states and the only thing different was my locker combination. We've broke through the peer pressure cooker.
Miss Stellwagon says that advertising makes people who can't afford it buy things they don't want with money they haven't got.
Do you want some juice or coffee or two female slaves?
Who the hell owns that dog?
They are beautiful.
They don't know what complaining is.
Don't wear it out, babe, or I'll make you buy me a new one.
Just a different color.
There'll be no escape for the Princess this time.
God got Wendy's periods reversed. About every 28 days, she starts acting nice.
I want you to exit this guy off the premises, and I want you to exit him off his feet and use his head to open the fuckin'door.
They look at us like we're monsters.
Honor and all.
Hey Tommy!
Honey, like you to meet Gale and Evelle Snopes, fine a pair as ever broke and entered.
I guess you know, Bob, how if I see you again I'll just start shootin'right off an'figure it's self defense.
This is NOT happening. The King then hurries out of a door at the top of the staircase.
Forget he was in there with a goddamn hand cannon? We should be fuckin'dead right now.
This is wrong.
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time. You wake up at Air Harbor International. If you wake up at a different time and in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?
I fucking hate vampires.
You're hurt.
Oh, man. That was totally wicked!
I have to find my son.
He goes to the theater armed.
I don't enjoy this, Mr. Smith. I do it because I'm addicted to it. And before you entered my life I had vowed I would never kill again. So this is your party, you can chose anyone you want and we'll do it together. Can it be someone I know? You never kill someone you know. That's the easiest way to get caught.
We have twelve vacancies. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies.
You're in luck, X: your patient awaits you with bleeding wrists on Avenue C and Fourth.
There's a little problem with our entry sequence; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode.
Now you tell the Earps and Doc Holliday if I see'em on the street, I'm gon na send'em all to hell on a shutter.
You have to hide like you don't even exist. You have to get so far hidden away that you never see sunlight.
You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
- the privilege to go forth and rescue the lovely Princess Fiona from the fiery keep of the dragon. If for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, the first runner-up will take his place and so on and so forth. Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make. Let the tournament begin!
-- Hello.
Truth?
I'd never know ... You'd know at once - Take me to your cinema.
Well, it's all right for atmosphere.
You're disgusting.
... What kind of man are you?
Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan'to stay, leave you stay, you wan'to go.
As the thousands of mourners arrive at City Hall, they place their candles around the statue of Lincoln.
I hope life is everything you remember it to be.
The whole time I was in that house, I felt something was ... wrong.
Never take your eye off the Man. Our people took their eyes off him one time, and he had us in chains in two shakes of his snake's tail.
Son of a bitch.
Angels don't get any older, son.
My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled by the heathen. So he accepted our bribe.
You piss in your pants, you only stay warm for so long.
Well shit.
You play with fire. Come out.
If this is the direction the rats were runnin', it's good enough for me.
Anything happens, make sure Louise gets the Cadillac.
Three hots a day, white sheets, dem pretty white nurses give you blowjobs too you pay em enough, I heard tell bout dem white bitches.
Well, the way they pick the shows on TV is they make one show, and that show's called a pilot. And they show that one show to the people who pick the shows, and on the strength of that one show, they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get accepted and become TV programs, and some don't, and become nothing.
If you come with me tomorrow, you'll never see it again. My last sunrise. That morning I was not yet a vampire, and I saw my last sunrise. I remember it completely, yet I don't remember any sunrise before it. I watched the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time, as if it were the first. And the I said goodbye to sunlight and went out to become what I became.
I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people .... Wow .... huh ...''
When have I ever wanted to talk about it?
I came here to rob you -- but unfortunately I fell in love with you.
Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion. Dead?
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
You're body's dying.
I walked with a zombie.
I was the biggest thing Ashton had ever seen.
What do you say kid were always on the look out for a few good men. Screw that! Ain't going to be no repo man.
I'm gon na run even if I don't get a single vote.
But it's human nature, to fear the unusual ... even with all their education and privilege ... My dad, a district attorney, mother active in the DAR ... Perhaps when I held my Tiffany baby rattle with a shiny flipper, and not five chubby digits, they freaked.
Now it's just a drag like a cold or having no money. If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
I think about all the people I've loved, now long gone.
A bridge, a schmidge, and the Germans claim to be intelligent. You know what I think? I think they're totally stupid. I've got a family to feed and I spend half my time here waiting for them to let us through.
He's a brutal motherfucker, man.
I've got a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son.
Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that bridge, stand before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own ass.
Masses of students pile into busses.
Why don't I take him over to the office and verify it, huh?
You haven't been tight since your brother fucked you in 3rd grade.
N/A
You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous. There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
It could have been the whole world, Willie Stark. The whole world ... Willie Stark.
`` GO''
... You're the jerk-wad that gave me the doll!
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels?
I think I can guarantee you you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month.
I'm Coraline Jones. And I am the Amazing Bobinsky! But you can call me Mr. B, because amazing I already know that I am.
God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
Stay down.
And suppose death had a heart to love and to release you?
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I. Oh, thanks.
Joe!
If she is otherwise when I find her, I shall be very put out.
I shall live with my sin for all my days.
I'd like to introduce you to my camel - the most notable beast on earth.
Yeah, I decided not to park here.
You don't believe in anything.
He will be saying prayers in the garden -- just follow the others.
I'm dark and mysterious and pissed-off and I could be very dangerous to all of you ... I'm not sweet, and you should know that about me! I am The Enemy.
Hey.
Stay away from the car or I'll blow you apart.
- It's still a reflex.
The President can bomb anybody he wants.
The man knows, the man knows! So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison?
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin'there and the captain comes on and is like `` we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet,'' and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says `` man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee.'' So the stewardess goes runnin'up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes `` don't forget the coffee!'' You've never been on a plane. I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
Charlotte had pudding in her Prada.
I wan na be dirty. Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me. Creature of the night.
Come on if you think your man enough.
So you see, Mercer, every man has a price he will willingly accept.
You wan na tell mehow'n the hell you gon na write a book'bout somethin'you don't know nothin''bout?
Don't forget your sleeping bag.
I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either. You knew this man didn't die at the bomb site before we got here.
These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
So, shall we shag now, or shall we shag later?
I was chosen because I was the bravest and the most worthy. The honor was mine until another came to challenge me to single combat.
... Of course they're all sticking to the same story and that story is a load of crap!
with everything rationed here, like gas and meat.
These things have a half-life of fifteen minutes ... No, that's fame. Fame has a fifteen- minute half-life ... Infamy ... lasts a little longer.
stone dead in ten seconds and they'd make me explain it! BULLSHIT! Don't make me use this.
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
See, the colors here are a little different, and we even put a polar bear on it for the kids. Also, coke is very high in sugar, can lead to obesity in children and adults who don't sustain a healthy diet, and has a Ph acidity level high enough to dissolve teeth and bones over extended periods of time. Coke also works great at removing corrosion from car batteries and loosening rusted bolts. So that's it, it's coke. Everyone knows it. It's very famous. I'm Jim, I work for coke, and I'm asking you to not stop buying coke. That's all.
That's not the one to be late to.
One move, motherfucker, and I'll blow you away. For a second I thought I was dead, but when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops, only cops talk that way. If they had been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing.
No-one should think themselves wiser than me! It is not for any of the Queen's subjects to presume to tell Her Majesty when and where She should come out of mourning. It is the Queen's sorrow that keeps her secluded! It is Her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility, work which She feels will soon wear her out entirely!
N/A
I'm still not picking up anything.
I hate when things don't go my way.
I don't believe what's happening to me My hopes, my dreams, my fantasies Hee, hee, hee, hee Won't they be impressed, I am a genius See how I transformed this old rat Into a most delightful hat Hmm, my compliments from me to you On this your most intriguing hat Consider though this substitute A bat in place of this old rat Huh!
Forget it. Tell the others to forget it.
If John Doe's head splits open, and a U.F.O.
My dreams are a cruel joke. They taunt me. Even in my dreams, I'm an idiot who knows he's about to wake up to reality. If I could only avoid sleep, but I can't.
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here.
You son of a bitch!
Three teenagers walk past and laugh at her spilled groceries.
Behind these doors are just a few of the many species you will learn to fight.
For the Emperor.
Next time, you drive.
That's a test?
How it all came down to this, only the devil knows. Retail Rodeo was at the corner on my left, the motel was down the road to my right. I closed my eyes and tried to peer into the future. On my left I saw days upon days of lipstick and ticking clocks. Dirty looks and quiet whisperings. and burning secrets that won't ever die away. And on my right, what could I picture? The blue sky, the desert earth streching out into the eerie infinity. A beautiful, never ending nothing.
This is a stolen season.
I kinda get nervous when I take tests.
Well, you may run like Mays, but you hit like shit.
I like that in a man.
Hey Tommy!
One pair of underpants - white with blue waistband.
That guy better not be dead.
Computers are my forte.
Dear Buddha, please send me a pony, and a plastic rocket, and -- Mal!
Mrs. Kindleman twisted her ankle as she put it, `` diving for her life'' when a bunch of school kids rode down the sidewalk on skateboards. She went down to Thorton's store this morning and started spitting on the new skateboards. Spitting! By the time I got there, Mrs. Kindleman had sprayed the whole damn place ... She must have had a cold or something. It was enough to turn a grown man's stomach.
Why's he always call me `` Meat''? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
So, now your captors have no choice but to follow through.
What's this supposed to mean: `` We have a contract of depravity. All we have to do is pull the blinds down.'' Write yourself another story.
It's cool, I'm all green.
You will be my slave of love.
I locked one of them in there.
I'm gon na get him.
N/A
Do I got ta take you back to fucking kindergarten? All you said was'hit the rhino.'You never specified the color.
Mr. Dowd, you used the testimony of a paranoid schizophrenic to overturn a murder conviction that had stood unchallenged for eight years.
... I killed a fucking spook. You fucker ...
Says something really dumb to the guy, who says Oswald was a great shot.
Dead bodies in the cellar, dead bodies in the cellar ...
Do it on your own time, Paddy.
And here you are sittin'around on your butt playin'house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I., with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels.
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
I'm glad you made it.
You go out there and I'll blow your brains out!
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Listen, doll, you might wan na come by Cedars tonight and visit Harry.
We will use it all before this is over. Or fall to your knees now, declare yourself the king's loyal subject, and beg his mercy, and you shall have it.
He was buried in Blackwood's tomb.
Zis is very important, Cartman ... Stupid British piece of shi- OW!
You're eighteen.
My life as a game of strip poker.
Well, go find his lazy ass.
She doesn't want the chocolate!
`` Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky.''
- and the Defendant is free to go. Even a broken clock gets to be right twice a day.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
You ever stopped to consider how many times you change your underwear in a lifetime?
I got better things to do today than die.
Look at me!
These people don't know the value of their property! Then we own a whole < u > town < /u > full of nowhere.
Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
''
Well, hurry up.
You've been given a great gift, George.
Well ... looks like I'm with the right girl. I must say that I'm very impressed that you would buy this for me.
He tried to kill himself.
He violates his own fucking confidentiality agreement. And he's only the key witness in the biggest public health reform issue, maybe the biggest, most-expensive corporate-malfeasance case in U.S. history. And Jeffrey Wigand, who's out on a limb, does he go on television and tell the truth?
I thought you couldn't live without your heart.
It is difficult to answer if you do not understand the question. Mr. President, perhaps you should transmit a planet distress signal, while we still have time.
Now, a minimum security prison is no picnic. I have a client in there right now. You see, the trick is, kick someone's ass the first day or become someone's bitch. Then everything will be all right.
Like a man once said to me, Odell:'Walk out your door in the morning and you're already in trouble'... It's just how you're mixed up in that trouble that counts.
You know nothing ... You know less than nothing. If you even knew that you knew nothing, at least that would be something, but you don't.
They do not even contest us! Send across the infantry.
Aw, it's awesome, Jellyman. Little dudes are just eggs, leave'em on the beach to hatch, then coo-coo-ca-choo, they find their way back to the big'ol blue. All by themselves?
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
Only arithmetic he got was hearing the referee count up to ten.
Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood.
Don't you know fur is murder?
... Who will pinch me to wake me up?
Jesus, Clyde, you got three pistols an'only one arm for Christ sake. I just don't wan na get killed for lack of shootin'back. You know there ain't a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch ... or in the whole house for that matter. He's the worst fucking carpenter.
May I see?
I never knew no Godfather. I got my own family.
Nothing more. Follow me.
That aint never will happen, honey.
Now you got half a mind, old man.
You bear the mark.
Great, wallow in guilt, you sure you're not Jewish? She's not gon na die.
Find yourself a farmer's daughter with nice big fucking tits, and shake that `` bye-bye.''
Groping people ...
Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you ...
I haven't an appointment but I'd like to see him if I might. You don't need an appointment, Mr. Sullivan.
You feel something under your ass it's the key to a locker where your half a million is.
That's terrific.
So you never wrapped your legs around this Inman? For five dollars I wouldn't give a parched man a dipper of this riverwater.
Hello, beastie.
Oh I love to cook. I guess most women wouldn't invite a man over on the first date, but I believe you should trust your instincts.
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy, walks into jail a white man, walks out talkin like a nigger. It's all that black semen been shootin up his butt. It's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
Which fighting style do you want me to kick your ass in?
North ... No, Henry James was the novelist, Frank James was the criminal.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force ... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened. You'd better get on with your exercises.
'Cause most of ... the bullshit that happens, is because of men. No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God -- because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting -- I slept with a few saints and let me tell you ... < u > Booooorring < /u >!!! ... And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know -- work it out ... ... Not that we have to get married.
Trying to get something real by telling yourself stories is a trap.
It will carry my power to every corner of creation ... Excuse me.
Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first. Why are you being like this?
Doing your mother like an Iraqi prisoner, you bitch.
`` The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception.''
Open the chest with the key, and stab the heart. No-no-no-no. Don't stab the heart. The Dutchman needs a living heart, or there'll be no captain. And if there's no captain, there's no one to have the key. So the captain has the key.
The world we live in ...
Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me ... and I wanted to tell you that I ... uh ... that I wish so many good things for you. I wish so hard that all of your dreams come true.
Hudson, run a bypass.
Hitler is dead.
If somebody wanted to rob you, he'd come in with a gun and say'stick'em up.'' Now they get theses blasted computers to do their dirty work!
I wan na make movies. I mean, what's the point of living in L.A. if you're not in the movie business? And I mean high up in it. That's why Harry's gon na make Mr. Lovejoy with me, not Chili Palmer.
I wanted to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjectives.
... The truth is ... he was alive when I buried him.
For Ine'er saw true beauty till this night.
Vogons are one of the most unpleasant races in the Galaxy - not evil, but bad- tempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous. They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as fire-lighters.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
Well, he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic development. The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated.
Dear me, the man is dense.
Virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year.
Tory days may be numbered, but I fancy there yet remains one last hope of deliverance. Wheresoever the blame lies, we must now close ranks and defend Mrs Brown's England. As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur ... ... no Prime Minister made greater sacrifice than attempting to run the country six hundred miles north of civilization.
Craig, I just don't find you attractive. And, Lotte, I'm smitten with you, but only when you're in Malkovich. When I looked into his eyes last night, I could feel you peering out. Behind the stubble and the too-prominent brow and the male pattern baldness, I sensed your feminine longing peering out, and it just slew me.
I thought you were dead, you asshole!
Oh, Mother Cary's chickens.
Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein. He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge.
You'd think this country'd had enough goddamn fireworks. Ifwe'd've lost this war, I think it might have driven us crazy,y'know? As a country.
Princess Fiona.
Careful, that soup is ... sharp!
I gave you Jerr to see him eaten, not to see you fed.
You're wastin'your time.
The minds behind every diplomatic, military and covert operation in the galaxy, and you put them in a room with a psychic.
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Well, it's gon na be rough, pal.
Meanwhile, Ben Burns sat guzzling cold fresh milk in victory lane, a thousand cameras taking his picture, Sirrus Aeronautics saw almost a twelve point gain which immediately block Penninsula Power Cell from being able to afford the price of a complete take-over. This put Joel Goldman, the CEO of Iodyne Inc. in the exact position he wanted to be in. By first buying controlling interest in his own company at a devalued price, he then brokered a merger with Sirrus that immediately sent Iodyne into the gains record book -- the only record book that matters. Look out that window, there isn't a single plane or helicopter or K- Harrier that isn't powered by Iodyne fuel cells. That's what racing is about. It has nothing to do with cars, or drivers. All that matters is power and the unassailable might of money. His greed is as tangible as any drug.
Oh, my bad.
Well, not small, but circumscribed. And sometimes I wonder, do I do it because I like it, or because I haven't been brave?
I had lost the ability to bullshit. It was the me I'd always wanted to be. I printed it up in the middle of the night, before I could re-think it. That's how you become great, man. You hang your ba11s out there.
Well, no offense, Mr. Blandings, but my boy friend says that anybody who builds a house today is crazy. You stick with that boy, he's got a great future. You mean you hit a spring, a bubbling spring right here in our cellar?
Well. That was brilliant.
I pissed my pants!
It's not always the most popular guy who gets the job done. You got losses of 20 to 30 million dollars, dividends cut to zero, you're getting squeezed to death by the majors. Present management may not be the worst scum of the earth, but they're the ones who've put you on a kamikaze course, and pretty soon everybody's going to be scrambling for the parachutes.
I promise that one day things will get better for you.
-- A face, close to ours but blurry and distorted, as if seen through dirty, blue-tinted eyeglasses.
We don't have much time.
With all the poor people of this city who wanted only to live and were viciously murdered, you have the nerve to sit here waiting to die and not go through with it.
You've got to be firm on this.
Only way to beat that guy is to take yourself out of the game.
Resistance is useless! The Babelfish is small, yellow, leechlike, and probably the oddest thing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy, absorbing unconscious frequencies and excreting a matrix of conscious frequencies to the speech centres of the brain, the practical upshot of which is that if you stick one in your ear, you instantly understand anything said to you in any language.
Issue a standing kill order on Jason Bourne, effective immediately.
I like you. very much.
I will kill you! I will kill him!
-- I don't sell machetes.
I haven't had white orchids since I was a debutante.
... Wuddya want?
I've done more that I bargained for on this trip already.
A very beautiful man with a perfect body who I'd like to take to the movies.
And I better see you there next year.
I don't want the Enterprise destroyed.
I'm not going to ruin my life over a dead whore. That's a horrible ugly comment.
Now I'll never get a boyfriend!
Dammit Derek!
These guys were pros.
Theo!
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck. I don't follow ... You're not a dumb fuck, are you, Del?
Ho, Ho, Ho ... Well, if it isn't stinking Billygoat Billyboy in poison. How are thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou. Billyboy snaps open a switchblade knife. Let's get'em boys.
I don't know what the problem is, but I'm sure it can be solved without resorting to violence.
The Intruder BATS IT out of the air with even quicker reflexes, but the act buys Blake time to pull a PISTOL with a SILENCER from a hollowed out STEREO SPEAKER. He's a pro. but so is our Intruder. Before Blake can get a shot off, the Intruder is already upon him, SNATCHING the gun out of Blake's hand -- -- Blake PUNCHES the Intruder in the chest plate -- the Intruder drops the gun. Blake fights. Not like an old man, but like the trained killer he is. But the Intruder is much, much faster. Younger. Deadlier. He SMASHES Blake with an elbow to the head. Blake falls. BLOOD blurs his vision. The Intruder picks Blake up off the ground. Brings him to the window with the great New York view. Thirty stories up. Blake looks the Intruder in the eye.
An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
Thank you very much.
The bits of their testimonials echo phrases from David's own life. .and I'm not a `` true believer''
It's right there.
I never rode in a convertible before! Is that right?
I always get chocolate and he gets butter- brickle. Then we'd sit on this one curb, right outside, and I'll count all the blue cars and he counts all the red ones, and whoever gets the most, wins. I like that curb. That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.
Target was destroyed.
Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world?
It's never too late to get it back.
`` ... satisfaction is not makin'it with the woman who send you to the moon? Man, I'm the only normal person left around here and I'm a black Jew who can't read and is half drunk.
It's a potent aphrodisiac, isn't it? Power over another man.
Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth.
Every day the sun comes up ... says something about us.
It's the best seat in the house.
He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
Oh, sir, he's never disobeyed me in anything.
`` It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels ...'' -- and you wan na know the common element for the entire group, like he asks ... I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you,'cause I had that question. I had that same question .... Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form. `` Well ... all we were asking was the common element, Donnie ... but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge ... ahhh, Kids! Full of useless thoughts, eh?'' Thank you. Thank you. And the book says: `` We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.'' And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
- hey, don't drink that!
I have to believe in the world outside my own mind. I have to believe that my actions still have meaning, even if I can't remember them.
We may have to settle for cheap.
We have to get out of here.
This is family fun day, isn't it?
I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy, we fought ourselves - and the enemy was in us ... The war is over for me now, but it will always be there - the rest of my days. As I am sure Elias will be - fighting with Barnes for what Rhah called possession of my soul ... There are times since I have felt like the child born of those two fathers ... but be that as it may, those of us who did make it have an obligation to build again, to teach to others what we know and to try with what's left of our lives to find a goodness and meaning to this life ...
Mr. Cole ... not only am I a TEACHER ... but I am also a PARENT of a Middlesex child. Therefore, I am the ONLY person here who transcends the parent-teacher bridge.
This is the story of my older brother's strange criminal behavior and disappearance. We who loved him no longer speak of Wade. It's as if he never existed. By telling his story like this, as his brother, I separate myself from his family and those who loved him. Everything of importance -- that is, everything that gives rise to the telling of this story -- occurred during a single deer-hunting season in a small town in upstate New Hampshire where Wade was raised and so was I. One night something changed and my relation to Wade's story was different from what it had been since childhood.
The chi-wallah knows more than you.
Like the fella says, I only work here ...
Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant. I shoulda had you get me three a these.
Ah, Charlie, lighten up. You've got a pickle up your ass.
... Let me remind you that our secret post-New Year's party will be held in the office of the President shortly after midnight tonight.
`` I'm Lowell Bergman, I'm from'60 Minutes.''' You know, you take the `` 60 Minutes'' out of that sentence, nobody returns your phone call.
Help others and you help yourself, that was my motto, but I hadn't saved anyone in months. It seemed all my patients were dying. I'd waited, sure the sickness would break, tomorrow night, the next call, the feeling would drop away. More than anything else I wanted to sleep like that, close my eyes and drift away ...
It's a big white house with pillars in front.
You're just like them.
Inquiring minds want to know!
There's no Ranger game on tonight.
... My own name is a killing word. Will it be a healing word as well?
If I'm not back in five minutes call Lloyd Bridges.
Dmitri didn't want the money?
He never expressed any unhappiness with my work.
`` We all go a little mad sometimes.''
`` Isms'', in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an `` ism''.
I'd use the chain if I were you.
This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
The image is dark, a primal impression. Sound of harsh breathing, rustling sheets.
You're pretty sexy when you get angry ... grrr!
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
Oh God, we can't get out!
You have to make something explode to truly understand it.
Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone. Sure there's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.
Maybe it's time to say things to someone else?
That means a lot to me.
Gentlemen, welcome to Air Force One.
You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you - You - you hit me. You'll never have another chance to hit me again.
Norman, I'm a pushover.
From the moment the invaders arrived, breathed our air, ate and drank, they were doomed. They were undone, destroyed, after all of man's weapons and devices had failed, by the tiniest creatures that God and his wisdom, put upon this earth. At the toll of a billion deaths, man had earned his immunity, is right to survive among this planet's infinite organisms. And that right is ours against all challenges, for men do not live nor die in vein.
Seth Frank's too good.
The wedding bands. The wedding bands are in my wallet.
A murder.
And don't try nothin'fancy - your sitchy-ation is purt nigh hopeless.
Nine thousand questions about Betty's nine thousand boyfriends and I don't remember any of the names.
Look!
Knowing what you've got, comma, knowing what you need, comma, Knowing what you can do without, dash. That's inventory control.
As far as I'm concerned good tunes is good tunes, be it disco or rock or polka or whatever have you, regardless of the category. True, if I had to choose, I'd pick the category labelled disco because I happen to enjoy dancing.
Hey, here's the plan: Nestor's Cadillac. His tires are nine hundred sixteens.
The fact is that I saw the sign on your window advertising a room to let, and it is the only such sign among the houses of this charming, charming street.
Do you wan na have sex?
& lt; & lt; Find someone who understands me, you idiot, I'm going to be killed, You'll all be killed if he has to do it. Help me, God. They're all stupid. Get someone who understands me or we're all going to die. & gt; & gt; Baer pulls a cellular phone out of his jacket and dials. Call hospital security and put a man on the door until the police get here. & lt; & lt; Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life you idiot. Keyser Soze. Do you at least understand that? Keyser Soze. The Devil himself. Or are you American policemen io stupid that you haven't even heard of him. Keyser Soze, you ridiculous man. KEYSER SOZE.
You see this is bad television. The little assault guys creeping in through the vents and coming in through the ceilings. That James Bond shit never happens in real life. Professionals don't do that. So we've got this up here, which has novice written all over it. And all this down here that's simply a perfect textbook assassination. So here's our two possibilities. We either have rank amateurs that got lucky or consummate professionals that fucked up. Join me in a drink, gentlemen. With the exception of my coffee boy, you Boston detectives are starting to show signs of intelligence. So, I am going to make you privy to some information that you would not normally be. These men are all Russian mob. Not like those two peons in the alley the other day. These guys are all syndicate bosses and underbosses. I have a dossier on every man in this room. Since the Iron Curtain has gone down, the Russian syndicates have started to come here. And in the spirit of Glasnost the Soviets have opened their borders to the mafia. But the Italians, they're not convinced that the grounds in mother Russia are fertile enough for organized crime yet.
You mean hiding in the head.
Never fear.
`` Congratulations. Hitler will run forever.''
Doesn't anybody fuckin'knock anymore?
Now look, you keep this under your hat, because if those other monkeys hear about it, they'll declare themselves in.
A naked, American man stole my balloons.
... or silently, without making you feel too uncomfortable ... or thankfully, without making your memories of the occasion too unpleasant.
Well there was the crack in the planet.
Do you even know why you're trying to kill me?
You're out of your mind.
Anyone talks to this guy's an asshole ... You going to turn State's?
Did you ever kill a man? And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'?
My period.
Because I loathe and detest bananas.
N/A
Don't judge a book by its cover I'm not much of a man By the light of day But by night I'm one hell of a lover.
O bliss, bliss and heaven, oh it was gorgeousness and georgeosity made flesh. The trombones crunched redgold under my bed, and behind my gulliver the trumpets three-wise, silver- flamed and there by the door the timps rolling through my guts and out again, crunched like candy thunder.
I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense. The old man is still alive.
The sheriff continues.
Tomorrow will be great.
I'm gon na punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are. It's just a stupid cat.
Happy Halloween Retail Rodeo shoppers! There's a Retail Rodeo special on all bulk candy on aisle four. Ghouls and goblins, witches and warlocks, wandering these aisles, day after day.
You don't even speak French.
Oh shit.
If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception.
You stupid fucking cunt. You idiot. Whoever told you you could work with men?
More dirty blonde.
I'm not holding my breath in that department.
That's a Christmas present from a very dear friend of mine.
Do you not see that I am not afraid of you?
You're doing the right thing.
Lieutenant John.
I want you two walking the perimeter.
I told your father, if you're looking for a name, you can't go wrong with a constellation.
Every day, millions of people hitch to Hollywood and stop studios from making movies about'em. But when you and me try it, it's like we're trapped in a fucking cartoon!
They're out of Glenlivet.
If I saw a way to walk off with a shopping bag full of money, would I take it? You know where it came from. It's not like it's anybody's life savings.
Josie, you have totally transitioned.
God, she would've loved to see you two clowns. Just one more time.
We should have done this as men.
It's okay.
Do you know how popular I am?
Oh no Tommy I wasn't saying you can't shoot, I know you can't shoot. What I was saying is that six pound piece of shit stuck in your trousers there would do more damage if you fed it to em.
You've broken my heart. What a pity; she's crying. Must have been fired, and she's been with the President's family for twenty years.
Under the guise of a patriotic nightclub owner out to spare Jackie Kennedy from having to testify at a trial, Jack Ruby is shown into the underground garage by one of his inside men on the Dallas Police Force, and when he's ready Oswald is brought out like a sacrificial lamb and nicely disposed of as an enemy of the people.
I think I am a reflection, like the moon, on water. When you see me, and I try to be a good man, see yourself June 3, 2008 Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose Kung Fu skills were the stuff of legend.
Hey, you don't know they're really gon na do it.
We just pissed off the Incredible Hulk, his idiot half brother and two circus clowns.
Stage One: preparation. For this you will need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.
And she's not only merely dead, She's really, most sincerely dead. Then this is a day of Independence For all the Munchkins and their descendants! If any!
Holdin'my penis ... What a lovely way of sayin'how Much ya like me ... Holdin'my penis ... You sure now?
You know the rules.
The most valuable commodity I know of is information.
You glide in and get on the operating table.
But if one of you quits on me I'll pay a thousand dollar bonus to the man who kills him.
If you will not show us the Grail we shall storm your castle. You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K ... kaniggets.
Lower level, Charlie.
First of all, I'd like to thank whichever one of you donut munching, barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this to the press. That's just what we need now, some sensational story in the papers making these guys out to be super heroes, triumphing over evil. And let me squash the rumors now. These two aren't heroes. They are two ordinary men who were put in an extraordinary situation and they just happened to come out on top. Yes, nothing from our far reaching computer system has turned up jack shit on these two. All we know is what we found out from their neighbors. And the general consensus is that they're ... angels. But angels don't kill and we got two bodies in the morgue that look like they've been ...
Ten years'worth?
I've done just about everything there is except a few things that are illegal ... I'm a nymphomaniac!
Can I talk to your mother?
I keep my promises.
I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones.
Try to blend in.
I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before. I shot this one. Yes, I saw you shoot him. You killed that one too. I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.
Congratulations, DZ/015, welcome to the team.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize: `` Lushu hoo megwa fugi.'' It means `` I am an American.'' In Chinese. A-a-asshole!
You can take them off.
Hey, your heart attack could be the best thing that ever happened to me.
I know you are angry. I am angry. Follow me through the streets of San Francisco to share our anger! Harvey jumps down and begins walking, not sure if the mob will follow.
Will you call me tomorrow?
And we have to take Glenville to avoid all the church traffic, because those damn church people drive too slow.
Great shot, kid. That was one in a million. Remember, the Force will be with you ... always.
They're giving me less and less air time.
You failed because you had the wrong dream.
Thank you, Howard.
Speed slaps his down and is already heading for the door.
Please don't kill me.
Ow!
Peter Pan! Peter Pan!
I'd pay now, only the only thing I had when I jumped off the yacht was my wrist watch and I had to pawn that to get these clothes. I'll give you my address and you can get in touch with me the minute you get to New York. Never mind. You know I had you pegged right from the start, you're the spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you can get anything is to buy it. Now you're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it? Ever hear of the word `` Humility''?
I said it would be better if we weren't friends, not that I didn't want to be.
There ain't nothin'here lieutenant.
Well -- I would never've found it if it hadn't been for you. I think I'll miss you most of all.
You know how fucked this place is without me? You know how fucked this place is without me? Fucked in the ass, man.
Leonardo, I am most disappointed in you.
You will live through it all, you will feel through it all.
It is having a superior earning power that makes you like that. A Russian! I love Russians! Comrade ... I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years! Your type will soon be extinct.
I can't remember a time when I didn't know his name! When I was only fourteen he was already famous.
Major Hellstrom, the highest ranking officer in the room, bows graciously to the female German celebrity.
Stage One: preparation. For this you will need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
Hey neighbor. shit for brains. You forgot I have a police radio. I know where your cute little butt is hiding.
If I get into Hot Lips and jump Hawkeye Pierce, do I get to go home, too? It was really nice of you to take me along.
I have to.
I'll tell you once, Won't tell you twice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss.
You have to ask me nicely. You see, Danny, I can deal with the bullets and the bombs and the blood. I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear. I don't want money and I don't want medals. What I want is for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform, and with your Harvard mouth, extend me some fuckin'courtesy.
We take power at noon.
There's only one other thing I can tell you. You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
He must be the stupidest son-of-a- bitch alive.
Look. A man takes out an accident policy that is worth a hundred thousand dollars if he is killed on a train. Then, two weeks later, he is killed on a train. And not in a train accident, mind you, but falling off some silly observation car.
You know, so many apples are disappointingly mealy. I wonder of most of the apples in my life weren't meant for pies!
You took my son's life. Some people are born victims. It takes two to make a murder.
Why?
You speak English?
One of us was going to have to die. With me it tends to be the other guy.
-- I buried the lead.
I don't know!
Walt hates situations like this.
It is better to be the right hand of the Devil, ... than in his path. As long as I serve him, I am immune.
Hey!
Oh, so you know.
It is a pity Autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now.
Do you fear death? Do you fear that dark abyss?
... I don't need money. People give me things.
Listen, I didn't mean nothin'.
I mean, you know, at least I admit that I don't know. I know that things are fucked up beyond belief and I know that I have nothing original to say about any of it, alright? I don't have an answer. I don't have a fucking message.
And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
I would have come in sooner but I had an important errand to run last night.
Oh, don't worry about that.
I see black because I know I am.
Like hawks.
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people to death?
If anything happens to me tell every woman I've ever dated I was talking about them at the end.
How are things going, Mr. Torrance? Things could be better, Lloyd. Things could be a whole lot better.
I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior.
-- your documents.
Because my mother was dying! But now she's not. You're forty-two years old, Johnny, and Mama is still running your life. And you are a son who doesn't love his mother! And you're a big liar!
As much as we like each other, the process of growing up will separate us. Sloane's a bigger problem.
Over.
You'll be deactivated for sure .. Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease! Now come out before somebody sees you.
Bazooko Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich. A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
Well, then so am I! And we'll always be freaks and we'll never be like other people.
The restoration work is reaching completion and the house is looking pretty beautiful. You wanted to see me, your joggingness?
Oh, God ... I'm like the dumb girl who doesn't get it. I've never been the dumb girl before. It ain't so great.
Actually this is all just a bad dream.
Beat it, will you?
Uh love death travel ... revolt. We all write the songs, we're interested in anything about disorder, chaos, especially activity which seems to have no meaning ... I think when you make peace with authority, you become authority.
I got detention slips here, I'm not afraid to use them ... There's got ta be a back way out of here, or something.
I'd do the same.
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Because `` Dr. Grant'' isn't looking for Eric.
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off. Now that is ridiculous, Dude. No one is going to cut your dick off.
More tea?
I'm a terrible failure, Mary, -- a book clerk by day and a poet by night, and not a very good one - but if you'll trust me -- at this one thing I won't fail -- I'll find your sister.
You are in the courtroom of world opinion right now, and you can answer yes or no.
Very much.
I got ta tip-toe through the tulips with these assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer. It's what I do ... sucked all the fun right out of this job.
They had your Mr. Gandhi cut off from the press but last month his personal secretary died and they've let up on the restrictions. Yes, I have heard of Life Magazine. I have even heard of Margaret Bourke- White. But I don't know why either should be interested in an old man sitting in prison when the world is blowing itself to pieces. You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
And it was a Silver Medal winner at Paso Robles last year.
There's a beverage here!
Look, I'm The Dash! The Dash likes.
Yeah, this guy is a player.
Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me.
You see, Franois, marriage is a beautiful mistake which two people make together.
If it was the law they was workin'with, we could take it. But it ain't the law. They're workin'away at our spirits. They're tryin'to make us cringe an'crawl. They're workin'on our decency.
If it don't jell, it ain't aspic!
You know, certain words and phrases just keep floating through my mind, things like incarceration, cavity search, life imprisonment, death by electrocution, that sort of thing.
Nothing like fresh powder.
You may be a great flyer.
Joe College strikes out.
God. Will someone save these people from themselves .. ine.
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here. I swear. Louise, I almost feel like I know you.
Melvin Udall.
No one's ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.
It don't take no nerve to dosomep'n when there ain't nothin'else you can do.
Why the fuck they call'm `` working girls.'' Alright, the ho train is exiting the station.
: Wa-say kohn.
Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
We shouldn't be doing this.
But - seeing as you're a good man I know you will never put me in a position that would compromise my honor.
I think kids get bored and have intercourse. And I think Junebug was a dummy about it.
All them Okies is hard-lookin'. Boy, but I'd hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that!
She, uh ... stabbed me in the kneecap with a screwdriver a few weeks ago.
My head is the witness protection program. I'm really feeling that look on you. And I am feeling that Balenciaga on you.
Kid, if there's anything you need, just ask your auntie Deb, that's me. Or if I'm not around, you can always talk to my sister Flo.
You see, I really did see Wynant last night.
You got a talent for statin'the obvious, son Muchachos!
I'm thin to win!'The name is B-Rad, Not Robbie Van Winkle ... Go get my latte nonfat, And don't forget the sprinkle!
You know, Flip, Vietnam War was fought because of a bet Howard Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis.
It's useless, useless, useless.
Father, there is one thing I'd like to do.
I'm on my knees begging you.
Alright, let's try another take.
It's not my problem.
Ya got ta be a little soft to wan na be a pug ... It's a racket where ya'almost guaranteed to end up a bum. I don't think you're a bum.
Or, if not smithies per se, were you otherwise trained in the metallurgic arts before straitened circumstances forced you into a life of aimless wanderin'?
Don't you boys know these things give ya warts?
That the big plan?
I think she's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini.
Yeah, and if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass a-hoppin'!
I admire your decision.
I'm gon na be that good some day, you watch.Y'know what Stephen said to me, right when all the shit was coming hard? `` You never know till the moment the fire stares you down if you're just gon na do this job or be great at it''
I've always wanted to play Carnegie Hall.
Adolf Hitler always drew a crowd.
Now we can really get to know each other.
Dont look at me. I cant help you.
You can hitch a ride with me if you like. In my experience some of the most successful relationships are founded on lies and deceit. Since that's where they usually end up anyway, it's a logical place to start. I nearly went broke trying to convince her I was anything but. I knew Ava was not the kind of woman to be seduced by a ride in a private jet unless you owned the jet.
Boba Fett?
Oh, no.
No, in Paris it's good to smell like you've been fucking. It will make them respect you.
I looked for you in my closet tonight.
I am home.
Shrugs, `` but, you are''
It's my worst fear, that whatever my mother had, I'll have. And I'll pass it along to ... God wouldn't take me.
You be careful out among them English.
And never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap ...
You have nothing to fear. Everything will be all right, you are in my hands. You have nowhere to go. I am here to protect you. You have nowhere to go. You have nowhere .... I don't understand.
Look at me, I look like a schlemiel.
In order to be successful, one must project an image of success.
All I'm saying is, you have to allow for things to happen to people, most of all to yourself.
You couldn't be ordinary if you tried.
Like to have seen his face when he found the dead end.
Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police doing my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad car and get me over there. I want the crime scene photos and any witness statements. NOW!
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base.
You have complimented me with your persistence and patience ... But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
God damn, this better be important.
Daddy, you are the most decent person I know. I hope I haven't let you down. They just don't know; they don't know the real you.
I can't breathe.
You must think the whole world is queer.
`` Listen to me!
Nobody goes cold Turkey from the Thirst in a night.
Damn Toons.
I've been called everything under the sun, Jerry. Call me whatever you like. First we had your charge that the Cuban exiles killed the President, then the Mob, then you said the oil billionaires did it, then you said the Minutemen and the Ku Klux Klan collaborated to do it, now your latest theory seems to be that the CIA and the FBI and the Pentagon and the White House all combined in some elaborate conspiracy to kill John Kennedy.
Welcome to the Snake Pit.
... And the whip pan shot takes us into this boxing ring.
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I think we have a time machine. Adam, all we did is get drunk in the hot tub.
'Morning, boys.
Danny can't wake up, Mrs. Torrance.
The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert. Would you like to stop somewhere and get something sweet?
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Come on, there's like ten million people in this city and the clock is ticking.
I think ... we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin.
You think you could do these things but you can't, Nemo!
They went for someone with more theme park experience. I woulda killed for that job.
If I am to change this image, I must first change myself.
I need you to be conscious.
I love you!
An honest man is always in trouble, Simon.
Listen Gaddafi doesn't foam at the mouth or anything. When you speak to him he's not at all nuts.
And don't for- get, my dear Maxwell, the police will be glad to find you.
Look, you tell me to take pictures, I take pictures. Let me explain something to you, Walsh. This business requires a certain finesse.
Why the fuck would you do a thing like that? Because I'm almost thirty, for God's sake -- why on earth would I want to keep writing about characters whose central preoccupations are weed and dick and fart jokes? You got ta grow, man. Don't you ever want more for yourself? I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch does. I look in his doe eyes and I see a man crying out, `` When, Lord? When the fuck can your servant ditch this foul-mouthed little chucklehead to whom I am a constant victim of his folly, and who bombards me and those around us with grade-A foolishness that prevents me from even getting to kiss a girl?
You can't be dead.
That's a very fine Chardonnay you're drinking.
Fourth period, nearly shook me upside down. Can't say I didn't enjoy it, but why'd she come to me?
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
Ask them if anything's missing.
You want me to do something for you.
Why am I washing glasses? Now you're an accomplice in a homicide.
Ladies, ladies, ladies!
His arms and legs are broken.
Listen, I'm not even supposed to BE here. I'm just Crewman # 6. I'm expendable. I'm the guy in the episode who dies to prove that the situation is serious! I'm leaving NOW.
I'm gon na use you, you stupid fuck. I'm telling you now because I'll enjoy it more if I know that you could stop me if you weren't a freak.
Year after year, twenty-something women come to New York City in search of the two `` L's'': labels and love.
This is good, Chloe.
Boys, I can't - We need someone handy with a scatter- gun to cover the hayseeds while we get the cash.
She's a secretary. They have a man they call the Secretary, but he isn't at all. My mother's a real secretary.
It's the young Vallon, is it?
Ah!
... you take that Anacott Steel?
Everything happens once if you live long enough. Dear God. I do not ask for health. Or wealth. People ask you so often that you can't have any left.
Don't forget the invitations.
It has a killer refresh rate.
Mr. Hammond is dying to see you guys.
The future is now. Soon every American home will integrate their television, phone, and computer. You'll be able to visit the Louvre on one channel, and watch female mud wrestling on another. You can do your shopping at home, or play Mortal Kombat with a friend in Vietnam. There's no end to the possibilities.
... and your name goes through like seventeen computers a day.
Got ol'Skynet by the ball now, Miles.
I don't think so.
You guys have a wonderful day.
He was already dangerously disturbed, had been ever since his father died. His mother was a clinging, demanding woman ... and for years the two of them lived as if there was no one else in the world. Then she met a man and it seemed to Norman she `` threw him over'' for this man. That pushed him over the thin line ... and he killed them both. Matricide is probably the most unbearable crime of all ... and most unbearable to the son who commit it. So he had to erase the crime, at least in his own mind. He stole her corpse ... and a weighted coffin was buried. He hid the body in the fruit cellar, even `` treated'' it to keep it as well as it would keep. And that still wasn't enough. She was there, but she was a corpse. So he began to think and speak for her, gave her half his life, so to speak. At times he could be both personalities, carry on conversations ... at other times, the mother-half took over completely. He was never all Norman, but he was often only mother. And because he was so pathologically jealous of her, he assumed she was as jealous of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong attraction to any other woman, the mother side of him would go wild. When Norman met your sister, he was touched by her ... and aroused by her. He wanted her. And this set off his `` jealous mother'' and ... `` mother killed the girl.'' After the murder, Norman returned as if from a deep sleep ... and like a dutiful son, covered up all traces of the crime he was convinced his mother had committed.
Zuzu Petals, I'm Ford Fairlane!
I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile. I'm getting this flickering light on one of my panels.
Well, apparently, I must've done something you all like.
It is their donut. Then, finally, there's'they're'.T-H-E-Y-'-R-E. A contraction, meaning they are. They're the donut people.
A toast to the end of the world.
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a `` shrink kit'' that comes with all these volumes included?
And, Nicky being Nicky, he made his presence known.
God -- get a life.
Come give your old man a kiss or I'll kick your teeth in.
`` Ass''
They say things get weird just before that ... I can't believe his mother let him come over here.
Faramir, Orcs are on the move.
This is a live project and you are go. Training is over.
I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there is one that matters more than all the others. It is the trail of a true human being.
The notion of secrecy is central to Western literature. You may say the whole idea of character in fiction is defined by people holding specific information which for various reasons - sometimes perverse, sometimes noble - they are determined not to disclose.
I had this image of you, inside of me, like a part of me.
This is the only color they had left.
You have to hide the diary, Harold. You made me write it all down.
Last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
Surely he must have H.B.O.
You never saw anything like it.
I hope I'm wrong, I'll let them decide for themselves, that much I promise you.
God, you're butch.
You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom.
Never cease to disappoint me.
Every idiot gets to be young once.
Diana, oh great one, we live without sun Until this wicked curse is undone. In hope that you live, and to us appear, I have collected a year's worth of tears. Great Goddess Diana, fail you I will, I was to bring fresh sperm from my Bill. I had him erect, and his semen would follow But alas I was hot, so hot that I swallowed.
Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's one all-powerful force controlling everything.
I thought you were dead once, and it almost destroyed me. I could not bear it if you died again, not when I could save you.
I tell him: When you dream about bad things happening it shows you're still fighting. You're still alive. It's when you start to dream about good things you should start to worry.
I want out of this marriage.
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world.
... Sometimes it's a hard world for little things.
It's so rare it's almost a shame to smoke it, like killing a unicorn ... with, like, a bomb.
Once you've been driven off a bridge at 80 miles an hour, somehow you don't invite happiness in without a full body search.
Kill them all.
Never. The blood stays on the blade, son.
You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny ... Can you fuck like that? ... You like it like a bunny? ... Huh? ... Cause baby, Ill fuck you like a real good like a big ol jack- rabbit bunny ... Jump all around in that hole ... Bobby Peru doesnt come up for air. Get out. Am I scarin� ya?
The perception of a head frozen somewhere waiting for reanimation - it sounds like science fiction.
Ladies and Germs ... it's showtime.
If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.
In a play, if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise. No one can understand a word. But with music, with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at once, and it's not noise - it's a perfect harmony.
That's a lot of crap.
Modern marriage!
They think we're going to war.
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you. But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg.
But the worst are the fundamentalist preachers ... third- rate con men, telling the poor suckers that watch them that they speak for Jesus ... and to please send in money.
You know I used to smoke.
I detest cheap sentiment.
If those young men don't get loose, they could die in that basement. All I see are dead people.
Hey, waiter -- give Mr. Chili Pepper a big fuckin'bowl of chili!
It's the end of the world!
If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
Hey, I know you. You're the one that run into my trash.
Yeah, he wants us to talk to Buddy, set up a meeting.
Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
I appreciate your concern for the dignity of my courtroom, Mr. Slocum - considering you're making the argument dressed as a game-show host. Unfortunately, the man is a tax-paying citizen, entitled by our Constitution to try and manipulate the legal system, like everybody else. I understand.
You tried to capitalize. But I caught you, you fuck. I can beat you. Not forever, but I got this cabin rigged to beat you NOW!
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies. You can't buy car with cookies.
I'm Luke Skywalker.
Well that's one of your more brilliant ideas.
It is also an irrational and powerful master and from what Janet had witnessed on the monitor, there seemed to be little doubt that she was indeed its slave.
Hey, buddy, you got a dead cat in there of what? Fuck you, asshole.
Believe me, she's got a heart of gold.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willy Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor, will end up in this very place of desolation.
Intruder on level one ... all aliens please proceed to level one.
I hate you!
'Shall I compare thee to a summer's Thou are move lovely and more Ahh, to hell with it -- The boy's a natural.
He doesn't love you anymore.
Said to contain the souls of the entire Tenshu army.
You probably never had a heavy night in your whole, goddamn disciplined life.
That was pretty good!
Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on it!
I'm not very good at this. Neither am I.
If this is to be our end, then I would have them make such an end as to be worthy of remembrance.
That cheap seed you've been buying?
A little lift, yeah ...
Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
I got things to do, kid.
Look at the size of that trunk. You could fit three people in there. Not people -- suitcases. It's a joke.
Forget it.
Throw one at me if you want, hash head. I've got all five senses and I slept last night, that puts me six up on the lot of you.
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion .... 139 Come and get me, you son-of-a-bitch.
Listen to me!
I gave you money to pay the fuckin'rent and buy groceries, put the heat on.
I've been to sea since I was 12.
But, it looks like all of them.
That's genius. That's genius. Roger, I think I speak for Mr. Bloom and myself when I say that you're the only man in the world who can do justice to SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER.
I could use a cup of coffee.
Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea. It's all here - ready - fresh as harvest day. Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea ... And then it stopped coming and they came instead.
Don't feel bad that you're more attracted to me than you are to him it happens to all of them.
I'm really beginning to question your teaching methods.
That's a tree.
Me too!
They advertise it as being the most popular gun in American crime. Can you believe that shit? It actually says that on the little booklet that comes with it. `` Most Popular Gun in American Crime,'' like they're proud of that shit.
They've infected everything: Banks, computers, phones, mail, name it. The more technology we buy into, the easier it is keeping tabs on us. It's a brave new world. At least it better be.
Take a shit.
She was trembling all over.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth.
I just pissed in my pants ... and nobody can do anything about it.
No, numbnuts, die. You get your nurse alone, you look her in the eye, and say, `` Baby, they're training me for war, and I don't know what'll happen. But if I die tomorrow, I wan na know that we lived all we could tonight.''
Hast thou not a word of joy? Some comfort, Nurse.
The McLaurys are both dead.
You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
Well, there you are! You are the first people to see the lost GALAXY QUEST episode 52 two parter since it was originally aired in'82! As most of you know, no concluding episode was filmed when the series was cancelled, so one episode was never included in the syndication run.
Keep a weather eye on the horizon.
If whoever's in the house is still in the house, I'd like you to know that I have just called the police. If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll get your ass out of my house real quick.
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
Son of a bitch!
I trust your trip down was comfortable, Doctor Jones. My men didn't alarm you, I hope.
Hey `` dick wad''
You're sassing me.
Unclean beast, get thee down! Be thou consumed by the fires that made you!
Well, well. The slum dog barks. Money or women. The reason for most mistakes in life. Looks like you got mixed up with both. Srinivas, you need the exercise: a trip to VT Station to check on the statue. And lock your bloody bike up.
My oldest son's a salesman.
Like a girl's waiting for me. Play me something like there's nothing to fear from a merciful Lord.
All youll have is each other and whatever skills you acquire today.
They come mostly at night.
That's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches.
I told you they had this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another -- Stacy ... Stacy ... maybe now isn't the best time for the I-Told-You-So speech.
Swear to God.
When I send my ex-wife her money, you can lick the stamps.
Excuse me, I have to use the bathroom.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Naughty children never get any presents.
I don't know.
It's a television show.
Id rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
We should have dug deeper than a grave.
FUCK FUCK FUCK! WILLIAMSON!
Destroy Superman!
?
I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life. Easy, Bill. You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
... you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one. I don't envy you the headache you will have when you awake.
because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless -- there we go -- yours if you want them.
You're a real horse's ass.
And then finally, we all end up kissing. Can you explain that to me? Because that's what love is all about. It's a pain in the ass but keeps us together.
You better be sure you wan na know whatcha wan na know.
Now listen to me- is there a way around the chasm.
I don't rattle, kid. But just for that I'm gon na beat you flat.
I can't lose.
I will kill you.
Well, let's put a gun to your head. Tell me about your worm, Stanley. You surprised that a girl with real breasts and an I.Q.
Well, what do you expect? You can't all of a sudden be my best friend, just because you had a bad day.
I can eat two days on ten cents!
The good news is they got the message. The bad news is we've got five and a half minutes to get out of the building.
Do you remember that guy? People love that guy. And don't forget -- your novel is coming out in the fall.
You're a real pain in the neck, you know that?
Well, you lucky devil ... It just gets better and better.
Through the store room.
I'm a fair guy, but this fuckin'heat's making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds? On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that it's an invaluable part of close infantry training, and if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my base how I run my base. You want to investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So don't for one second think you're gon na come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You don't believe me, see for yourself.
- coffee.
You are free to eat!
You sold the car.
The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Being miserable and treating other people like dirt is every New Yorker's God-given right. What am I supposed to do -- go on television and tell eight million people they have to be nice to each other?
omehow I need to make him understand that it is a fair price for a legitimate heir.
Eventually!
Great shot, kid. That was one in a million. Remember, the Force will be with you ... always.
St. Augustine tells us that angels and demons walk among us on the earth; that sometimes, they jointly inhabit the soul of a single man ...
Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it.
`` Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy''
When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
The answer is `` no.'' I don't plan to spend the end of my days wandering in the wilderness of National Public Radio.
She had the most beautiful eyes. I wanted to make some conversation but I found my new self asking the same old stupid questions.
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school was society.
You stomp around like a forties drunk and you're a lousy shot.
Are you fucken with me, or are you done fucken with me? Because I've just `` financialized'' the problem, and you've just become more trouble than you're worth.
Well, all this white stuff on my sleeve is LSD. With a bit of luck his life was ruined -- forever thinking that just behind some narrow door in all his favorite bars, men in red Pendleton shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know.
Well, he's uh ... Just breathe normally, Otto.
I think they're magnetic!
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.
It's a lizard.
Oh, I'm hurt. I am very much hurt.
I said the wrong thing and if I hadn't, I could be in bed now with a woman who if you could make her smile you got a life. Instead, I'm here with you, no offense, a moron pushing the last legal drug.
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired ... I'll be very unhappy.
I'm not supposed to be babysitting Princess Drool.
May I pass along my congratulations for your great achievement. In the miserable annals of the Earth, you will be duly enshrined! However ...
You know how women kin lie ... I knock'em around a little, ask'em where the money is, they say they don't have none?
Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam. You!
You put those - things in there.
Never give up, never surrender!
... Nygmatech brings the joy 3-D entertainment into your own home. Ladies and gentlemen. Let me tell you my vision for the future.
That second time just plumb near cut his head in two. Hits a little old yeller house right on the corner of Marigold Street and some other street. They's a red pickup truck out front says DOYLE HARGRAVES CONSTRUCTION on it. I'll be a settin'here waitin'on ye. Beside sendin'the police, Doyle said you might want to send a ambulance or a hearse. Thank ye.
You look fucking beautiful, beautiful.
And for days, she neither slept nor ate. I will never love again.
You know, it's funny what a young man recollects.'Cause I don't remember being born. I, I ... don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice ...
Her name was Maggie Muldovan.
I was the hick they were going to use to split the hick vote. But I'm standing right here now on my hind legs ... even a dog can learn to do that. Are you standing on your hind legs? Have you learned to do that much yet? Here it is, here it is, you hicks. Nail up anybody who stands in your way! Nail up Joe Harrison! Nail up McMurphy! And if they don't deliver, give me a hammer and I'll do it myself.
I really don't know, but at her age, if she did smoke grass, she'd have one hell of a trip! I know a hell of a lot better ways to waste my time than listening to this bullshit.
You don't mind that I'm not coming tonight?
The security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have confirmation of your code transmission.
All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it, haven't you?
It is strange that my life should end in such a terrible place but for three years I had roses and apologized to nobody.
Go out with me.
I could go on and on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop, wang, thang, hotrod. Hump mobile, Oscar, dong, dagger, banana, cucumber, salami. Sausage, kielbasa, schlong, dink, tool, Big Ben, Mister Happy, prick, disk, pecker, peter, pee-pee, wee-wee, weiner, pisser, pistol, joint, hose, horn, middle-leg, third- leg, meat, stick, joystick, dipstick.
Well, I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful - What piece?
Can you not see I am out of breath? How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath! Is the news good or bad?
Don't let go.
Thou art a villain!
WEB I am pumped to kick some Romulan ass! No joke. BRING IT ON! So what kinda combat trainingd'you have? Fencing.
I've got black and blue marks all over my butt, and my Mom's getting uptight about them.
I knew it.
You ain't got the bizalls, bitch!
We make a stand or there won't be anyone left to make that chopper. There is something else. When the big man was killed, you must have wounded it. It's blood was on the leaves. If it bleeds, we can kill it.
You just committed suicide, boy.
Higher, you animals, higher!
Hey, Miguel, can you imagine any two people being together for forty years?
Uncertainty makes you uncomfortable.
Can you look destiny in the eye without flinching? You tell me. The Crow is the source of his power - his link between this world and the next. Sever that link and he's as vulnerable as the next man.
Jesus, I got ta save all your asses. I help, we can do it in five minutes, man.
Well, let's get started.
The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do.
More eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, & quot; One of these days I'm Gon na Organezizied & quot;. Travis, I never ever met anybody like you before.
N/A
Don't make me call your mother!
Fuck him in the ear.
He can never know you as I know you ... He can never touch you as I touch you.
Exercising the right not to walk.
some kinda pop nine, the fuckin'Fiat of guns, always jammin'at the wrong time.
I warn you - don't give me a fancy price just because I'm rich.
No, we're not lost.
Some other time, John, when we know each other better.
- I'm asking any and all students who knows anything about this article to make themselves known here and now. Whoever the guilty persons are, this is your only chance to avoid expulsion from this school. Welton Academy.
Well, I might not be able to count molecules, but either way, Blake was a bastard. You know he tried to rape my mother? Sounds like you may have had a score to settle. You or your mother.
If anyone complained twice, they got hit so bad they never complained again.
... I feel utterly abandoned in a place that values physical prowess over mental acuity. I can't wait for all this to change once we get in the real world ...
That's a lot of fish.
The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator. Because if a machine can learn the value of human life ... maybe we can too.
Oh, a jack-rabbit, me.'Sides, I never credited the Alliance with an over-abundance of brains. And if you're the best they got ... Captain Reynolds, I should tell you so that you don't waste your time: You can't make me angry.
Be clever, miss; even if you win she'll never let you go!
I know.
The trade is not a complicated one; there're but two things to learn. One bein'where to find your wholesaler - word of God in bulk as it were.
-- I'm his fiancee.
I feel a nightmare coming on. 1 in the corner.
But if I was never meant to pull over, then we all should have died in the pile up.
Eat your waffles, fat man.
I'd rather die covered in blood, than an old man, lying in my own piss.
Oh, race him, you can beat him.
You always were an asshole, Gorman.
Room eighteen.
Blow me.
You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier. What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear.
We're moments from air.
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
Oh shit.
Oh please, Di, don't be a whore and a murderer!
You're frying your brain.
... nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be.
Well, this is my husband, Bill. He's a bowling champion. Do you know what bowling is? Bowling?
Full of piss an'vinegar!
You stole a car, shot a bouncer, and had sex with two women?
We've just lost cabin pressure.
Well, that's the general idea, my dear.
I know he is seeing someone else and that's okay with me, and he thinks I'm seeing someone else and that's not okay with him.
The binoculars that grampa's gon na get me for my birthday.
Why does everyone wan na see my schlong?
Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time.
Potato Head to you, you back-stabbin'murderer!
I have to admit, things have really started looking up for me since my life turned to shit.
... When I walked home, it seemed like everyone avoided looking at me ...
A sort of ... thank-you gift.
So we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
A recipe is merely a theme which an intelligent cook can plan each time with variation. Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
What is it?
Perhaps when you have children of your own that need braces, and you can't afford them because half of your husband's paycheck goes to the federal government, you'll regret that decision.
I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
`` Thus by the virtue collected Through all that I have done, May the pain of every living creature be completely cleared away.''
They used to say that a child conceived in love, has a greater chance of happiness. They don't say that any more.
I ask you to kill Superman and you're telling me you couldn't even do that one simple thing?
Tee, the beautiful babies don't work Wednesdays midnight to six. This is the skank shift.
I came back from the war, I found my house burned down. My cows was dead. Now my wife's run off with my cousin, Jeb, that sonofabitch.
Oh, this is gon na strike a raw nerve, mama.
Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
I understand you're upset.
Hey, hey.
Negotiating will do nothing more than give them time to make the missiles operational, complicating the necessary military task we have at hand. For the last fifteen years, I have fought here at this table along side your predecessors in the struggle against the Soviet. Gentlemen, I do not wish to seem melodramatic, but I do wish to impress upon you one observation with all conceivable sincerity. A lesson I have learned with bitter tears and great sacrifice. The Soviet understands only one language: action. It respects only one word: force.
Don't they ever stop migrating?
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
She takes a list from her bosom and gives it to the GROCER.
He was strong, he lasted almost a month. My mother - died when I was very young, so my father had become - the whole world to me ... After he left me, I had nobody. I was ten years old. You're very frank, Clarice.
... Am I a good man or am I a bad man?
A frightening and honorable mention goes to the fabulous Dark Lagoon leeches Nice work, Bone Daddy.
I guess the people at immigration got a little punchy after a while, coming up with names for a quarter of a million of you.
Welcome to our show!
... I have problems with my stomach and my leg muscles feel very weak. My gums seem to be shrinking and they sometimes bleed when I massage them ... They've pulled five of my teeth ...
I know that laugh.
Keep it right up.
Jesus, I trade some old piece of crap for a valuable hunting dog, and all you can do is piss and moan.
And a twenty- five per cent slice of something big is better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin'.
So don't listen, remember that, do not listen. I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested.
You're our best and only friend.
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
I have a dick on my face, don't I?
We got a real nice, `` I don't fuck with you -- you don't fuck with me''
Please tell me I'm gon na get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard- Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
Yup, you too, Marge.
After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in. He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form.
It was the first time somebody ever saw the real me, the me that nobody else knows.
You're future lies with me.
No, bulls would gum it. They'd flash their dusty standards at the wide-eyes and probably find some yegg to pin, probably even the right one. But they'd trample the real tracks and scare the real players back into their holes, and if we're doing this I want the whole story.
... and ever ...
God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
You think he'll ever want to kiss me again?
Well, I guess this wasn't what you had in mind when you went to work this morning?
I think violating fire codes and endangering the lives of children would be unwise at this juncture in your career, sir.
It's like War of the Worlds. They think it might happen all at once. Hundreds of thousands have flocked to synagogues, churches and temples.
Every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it was full again.
I know we are not fond of this word, but it is the only word that indicates exactly the type of work that we must perform. We must make the necessary investigations in order to proceed from one vertex to another in the entire pyramid. The reason for this work is information. The method is interrogation. And interrogation becomes a method when conducted in a manner so as to always obtain a result, or rather, an answer. In practice, demonstrating a false humanitarianism only leads to the ridiculous and to impotence. I am certain that all the units will understand and react accordingly. However, success does not depend solely on us. We need to have the Casbah at our disposal. We must sift through it ... and interrogate everyone. And here is where we find ourselves hindered by a conspiracy of laws and regulations that continue to be operative, as if Algiers were a holiday resort and not a battleground. We have requested a carte blanche. But it is very difficult to obtain. Therefore, it is necessary to find an excuse to legitimize our intervention, and make it possible.
I want you to go on this trip.
We can't have our leading lady deprived of the necessities of life.
There'is no Keyser Soze Who is Keyser Soze Kujan leans into Verbal's face.
You're a good friend.
God is love, Katherine.
All they know is killing and white uniforms.
Well, you shoot big-time pool, Fats. I mean, that's what everybody says, you shoot big-time pool.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Okay, boys, let's broaden our minds. I think it's safe to take that off.
I play like Mays and run like Hayes.
Honey.
I guess I was a real stinker not to be a grown-up when you needed a grown-up.
I try to moisturize regularly.
I keep getting hit with heads!
It's something we learn and hopefully grow from. With that in mind ... I hope you enjoy the show.
Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it -- molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating. It's not the taxes I object to.
Oh, I can tell you really care.
Well, you know where the lavatory is. You pay for that pee stick when you're done! Don't think it's yours just because you've marked it with your urine!
Now I understand why you want to keep your budget classified.
Don't tell me.
It was the night before Xmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, expect for the four assholes coming in the rear in standard 2 X 2 cover formation.
'ol'painless'is waitin'...
Look, Harlin, I've got places to be.
If you ever get hungry, our garden back home is full of snails.
We ain't one-at-a-timin'here, we mass communicatin'!
I've got ta hide this somewhere, s- somewhere she can never ...
Because you and I are alike, and there will come a moment when you have a chance to show it.
N/A
For the story that you are about to be told, took place in the holiday worlds of old. Now, you've probably wondered where holidays come from. If you haven't, I'd say it's time you begun. Boys and girls of every age Wouldn't you like to see something strange?
To go.
If you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains -- however improbable -- must be the truth.
-- He was here but he put an egg in his shoe and beat it. I have reason to believe he's an escaped prisoner. Possibly dangerous.
The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise. The second rule is always ensure you have a foolproof way to get paid.
Get Kyle and Dusty over here. And keep your eyes open.
Japs had us pinned down in Buna for something like six weeks. Well, I got ta tell ya, I thought we had it tough, but, Jesus, we had supply. They were eating grubs, nuts, thistles. When we finally up and bust off the beach we found Arnie Bragg, kid missing on recon; the Japs had eaten the sonofabitch, if you'll pardon the, uh ... And this was a scrawny, pimply kid too, nothin'to write home about. I mean, I never would've, ya know, so what do I say, honey? When I don't like dinner, what do I say?
Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people ... they just as alone as us ... But they scared shitless ... Not a thing wrong with being alone ... no sir ... I think about the river I grew up on.
Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
It's been a brilliant journey of self-awakening, and you've simply got to ask yourself -- what is happiness to you?
I am a retired investor on a pension, and I wished to live there as a Jew in the twilight of my life ...
Walkin's for squares.
You're an assassin for the United States government.
But I don't min'tellin'you, the guy they ought to lock up is the guy that sent out them things.
12 David on the corner of Thirty- eight and Two you'll find a three- car accident, two taxis and a taxi.
Man, you don't know dick about smuggling no drugs.
I've as good as got my brain! I can fairly hear my heart beating!
Your Highness ... There must be some mistake ... I never requested your presence.
You will live, John Constantine, you will live so you'll have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in Hell. You will live!
Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?
If I ever run into any of you bums on a street corner, just let's pretend we never met before.
Oh Jesus, no. The appearance of law must be upheld, especially while it's being broken.
My scrotum is longer than my penis. It's sweet how Claude looks up to me. Margot doesn't seem as crazy as you made her out to be.
You know, with the makeup and everything1 I actually thought he was smart for a second.
A bunch of guys who make bad music, dress like freaks, and wear more make-up than all my sisters combined? These assholes must be stopped!
Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that bridge, stand before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own ass. I'd say that was rather less cordial that he was used to.
If we're not going to make it, it's got to be you that gets out. I'm not capable I'm fuckin'Irish, so I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life.
Sean, those hooligans are in the park again.
You may give me this, if anything I tell you is of value.
There's a dip at this end. And since when do flowers grow shorter in two weeks? There's something buried there. Mrs. Thorwald! You haven't spent much time in cemeteries, have you? Mr. Thorwald could hardly put his wife into a plot of ground scarcely one foot square. Unless, he puts in standing on end -- which would be very original and not require the use of either a knife or a saw.
There's a red light, you shoulda stopped.
You don't say anything all day and then when you open your mouth ... you unload all these tremendous lies all over me! You're just pissed off because she got you to admit something you didn't want to admit to ...
`` Tragedy struck?'' `` And then, things took a turn for the worse.''
Don't take it out on me because you feel guilty for what happened to Rex.
deck They're here.
I will.
They lock at each other: two pros at the top of their game. Keep me in mind on the train.
Our selections tonight are chicken piccata or seafood gumbo ... Piccata?
However, unlike his compatriots who came as muscle in trade for currency, he came willingly. For love of carnage.
Now it's just a matter of time before he comes home to kill again.
Welcome to the real world!
I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm!
There you are, Mr. Durden.
Why do you care?
So Zordon is still using a bunch of rug-rats to do his dirty work. And speaking of rats ... From this moment forth, the world as you know it SHALL CEASE TO He's gone.
It's not a threat to you.
None of this'know ye that a prince and great man has fallen'stuff -- My philosophy is simply this -- Life is too short to be diplomatic. A man's friends shouldn't mind what he does or says, and those who are not his friends, well, to hell with'em. I was born in a small town in Georgia, of course ... my sweet sister Florence still lives there ... And I started playing baseball when I was a kid like everybody else only I was better than every- body else. When I was seventeen I started playing for money -- my father didn't approve.
I'd just kinda like to.
... Jim ... Your name is Jim.
Be honest, kid -- am I hurt bad?
Mrs. Fox turns and walks away.
Yeah, I know.
- what a world -- what a world! Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness!?
The human mouth is a disgusting place.
You must have the entire Revlon factory in your purse! Very funny. I hope you choke!
... So it crashes, and this guy, whoever he is, gets thrown out, or walks out, and ends up freezing. I just can't believe this voodoo bullshit. You believe this voodoo bullshit, Blair? Happens all the time, man.
You must have had a reason.
There's someone else in the House!
Every last motherfucker here.
Back home we never get a chance to meet famous people.
Anger is very dangerous. It makes people do stupid things.
Officially I was dead for seven minutes. But believe me, seven minutes in Hell is a lifetime.
Hi, Freckle Face.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago .... and Claudia ... whatever you wan na tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't ... and I will listen ... I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want ... and you know, you know ... I won't judge you .... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't ... I can ... listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you .... You don't how fuckin'stupid I am.
Sky, freeway, the cars closing.
Look in the mirror.
The time has come to make a choice, Mr. Anderson. Either you choose to be at your desk on time from this day forth, or you choose to find yourself another job. Do I make myself clear?
I've heard of that.
I've investigated, world bank officials, drug cartels, arms dealers, and I've never faced this kind of heat. For ninjas. Fucking unbelievable!
In a surprise Christmas bombing of Hanoi, President Nixon delivered more tonnage than was used at Dresden in World War II ... It is, without a doubt, the most brutal bombing in American history.
Great! But that's the way things go. You think you got a swell yarnthen something comes alongmesses up the finishand there you are.
I know they say those eggs can't be cracked, but if your geigers pick up more rads than you'd get off a toaster, I want you out of there.
A naked blond walks into a bar, with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other. She lays the poodle on the table. Bar- tender says: `` I suppose you won't be needing a drink.'' The naked lady says ... Oh shit!
You're not one of those guys from the military, are you? Trying to teach whales to retrieve torpedoes, or some dipshit stuff like that?
Better than your wildest dreams.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her.
'Know ye that a prince and a great man has fallen this day.
You're freezing.
We made it. Skate-boarders I don't mind, even though they dress like fuckin'idiots, but when I see some pin-head on rollerblades, I get the definite urge to grease the grill of my car with'em. Keep your eyes peeled.
When did you decide all this?
Every single one of Bill's men fired high. They instinctively hadn't wanted to shoot another person. Later Bill would come across a study by General S.L.A Marshall, which revealed that only 15-20 percent of fresh soldiers shot to kill.
You got ta admit, this is cool. Just like a movie! The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage. Throngs of screaming people! And just when all hope is lost, Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were! You mean you killed off real heroes so that you could pretend to be one?
Walt walks past them and into his house.
I mean, you got ta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise you're talkin'about a half-hour or forty-five minutes of diggin'. And who knows who's gon na be comin'along in that time? Before you know it, you got ta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin'night.
It's Hunting season.
Here I am.
Every time you get a little tight you weep on my shoulder about the advertising business and how it forces a sensitive soul like yourself to make a living by bamboozling the American public.
Elusive bloke.
I'm not very mad.
I was born Yuri Orlovitch in the city of Odessa in a country that no longer exists.
Well, time will tell.
WE DID IT!
- Holy water.
Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught -- you don't know the heat on this.
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color. But I still got it, Eddie ...'Boop boop be-doop'.
From the start ... you set us up, got us in here to do your dirty work.
This is the end of the line, you'll have to leave now.
We're gon na airvac him to Portland.
Oh my God!
Fight club was the beginning. Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it -- Project Mayhem. The first rule of Project Mayhem is you do not ask questions. This is as much mine as yours.
You promise to care for her then?
You were never alone.
I don't want to kill you, and you don't want to be dead.
hey!
If I get it I will become a Senior Wilderness Explorer! `` The wilderness must be explored! It's gon na be great! There's a big ceremony, and all the dads come, and they pin on our badges ... So you want to assist an old person?
Everybody needs a hobby.
Both seconds of it.
N/A
I'd like to pay for these.
For the simple reason that you have a far superior musician here.
Your whole family can have a better life.
Some interesting finds.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
Angels to others.
There's nothing in there about Ruby.
Well, he's either dead or he's alive or the cops got him or they don't.
We ain't playin', here.
No, I don't eat live birds. I like my birds dead and deep fried.
There you go.
Who is this loony?
When they found Sepe in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff it took them two days to thaw him out for the autopsy.
I hit the seven like John Daly hits a three!
That was a good year for me.
Expel him.
IS DIE YOU'RE A FAILURE ...
You can't eat the Venetian blinds, Curly.
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning.
We're lost, aren't we?
I've had a very unusual life.
The barrier was not meant to be crossed.
And, correct me if I'm wrong here, but weren't you outsmarted by an acned acrobat at the circus? Let's see if you bleed green.
The people at law s chool don't, Warner doesn't -- I don't even think my parents take me seriously. They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star. Now, for the first time, it seemed like someone expected me to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a living. But I was kidding mys elf -- Donovan didn't see me as a lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass. Just like everyone else. It turns out, I am a j oke. The hell with law school. I just came to say goodbye. If you let one stupid prick ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were.
You're my hero.
Number 54 million, six hundred one.
I stuck a flute in my pussy.
Welcome to Wiener World.
C'mon I got better things to do.
That didn't bother me. Set up by Kevin Dulli and Derek Foreal to save their own asses. That didn't bother me. Sentenced to sixty years at Otisville. That didn't bother me. I had broken a promise. Everything I loved in my life goes away.
Hitler's hall monitor?
Sorta man they're like to send believes hard. Kills and never asks why.
Fuck you!
Kill for me.
If you don't shut your fucking mouth I will kill you, are you understanding me?
They even got the coroner working overtime.
Every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me.
Only when it was funny. Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder? My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead.
It's nice to meet you.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
Hey guys! Guys!
`` GO'' 8/26/98 Revisions One of the three.
With more space, the fish can grow double, triple, or quadruple its size.'' It occurred to me then, that perhaps the reason for my growth was that I was intended for larger things. After all, a giant man can't have an ordinary-sized life.
Ask your mother.
There's no pattern to the pebbles here, they're completely random.
I slaughtered this horse last Tuesday;'m afraid she's startin'to turn.
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car.
She called me a noble steed. She think I'm a steed.
Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me.
If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it.
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves.
Or even a good porno.
You can't scare me with this gestapo crap. I know my rights.
Man likes to play chess.
There are always notices going up.
Women love that shit. Eighty-eight dollars ain't gon na make a dent, baby girl.
You know, these clothes do not flatter you at all. It should be a dress or nothing. I happen to have no dress in my cabin.
These chains are made of chrome steel!
The man is mean, careless, and stupid. Bad combination in a place like this. Sooner or later, he's gon na get somebody hurt. Or worse.
I thought I would still be in extreme pain but I'm feeling nothing.
Picture the damage he could do other places.
Give him a mule and he'll ride to his own funeral.
Have a nice day. Or night.
Take the elevator to the very bottom, go left, down the crewman's passage, then make a right.
... Let's keep still back there, lady, or we're gon na have to, ya know, to shoot ya.
Dog eat dog, brother. Dog eat dog.
Oh shit man I never thought I'd get hit, I was ... Stay cool.
There is a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide the people with freedom. And I go to make sure they have it.
- I'll just lay it on the line!
Well, I'm sure there have been amazing technological advances in the industry, but surely you have some sort of training process.
It's not my back that's killing me.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner. Then don't.
You start talking about puppy dogs and ice cream, of course it's gon na be on the friend tip.
Seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary.
I thought I would never see you again, that you were out of my life.
Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
Y'know, I'm sort of psychic.
- I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false are often reveling.
'T is the season, convict.
Oh, and being a supermodel ... it's no walk in the park.
Dive nine. Here we are again on the deck of Titanic ... two and a half miles down. The pressure is three tons per square inch, enough to crush us like a freight train going over an ant if our hull fails. These windows are nine inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.
Ah.
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
It is for love -- His will to live is very strong.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise.
I never saw you together like that again.
Come with me if you want to live.
in Hell!
Grow up. You think I'll drink it just because you call me chicken.
Sarcasm is the recourse of a weak mind.
OPEN THAT DOOR, YOU SPAWN OF THE DEVIL'S OWN STRUMPET!
They nailed the asshole dog here.
See if you can get him away from all this.
If I let Harry take those chains off you, you gon na be nice? Your name is John Coffey.
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster. To me, being a gangster was better than being President of the United States.
Who's the most liquid businessman on the street?
We got the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this?
I don't like camels.
Listen!
Have a care with my name, you will wear it out.
'Some people do spend their whole lives together.
... In my experience people only go to these films to observe the ... undraped form of the native girls.
Vogons are one of the most unpleasant races in the Galaxy - not evil, but bad- tempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous. They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as fire-lighters.
Heave! Heave like you're being paid for it!
You're paranoid, Foxy.
That HURT GOD DAMMI- Success!
You're going to meet the most extraordinary men, the sexiest, brightest, funniest men, and you're going to fall in love with so many of them, and you won't know until the end of your life who your greatest friends were or your greatest love was.
Wow! Eighteen years of nuthin'and now, twice in one day.
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
Donald, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God ... but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Okay ... But I don't cuddle.
Very few people are privy to that information, and we want to keep it that way. He was conceived during one of our rituals. His mother wasn't my wife, but she shared our beliefs. She was a powerful practitioner.
You'll kill them!
You can see it when you get in ...
You sure she's the Supreme Being?
Do you think it's a personal matter with me, this boy? Are you telling me I see things in terms of personal pique? Don't you see that today that boy wiped his feet on the choice, on the predilections of sixty million men and women of the greatest country in the world! If you had any morals yourself, you would understand the immorality of that boy's stand today! It was not me he criticized - it was my readers!
`` Welcome ... Home ... Son.''
There's two things I know about life: one, Americans will never take to soccer. Two, Swedish girls and stewardesses love to shag! They're shag-mad, man!
Die screaming, motherfucker.
En1ightcned One, we all weep for his loss, but the future of our country lies in- My ancestors have ruled Japan for 2,000 years. And for all that time we have slept. During my sleep I have dreamed. I dreamed of a unified Japan. Of a country strong and independent and modern ... And now we are awake. We have railroads and cannon and Western clothing. But we can not forget who we are.
Last time I saw a pair of jugs that big, two hillbillies were blowing on them.
Lieutenant: Bomb that tree line back about a hundred yards -- give me some room to breathe.
I, I mean, where do I go?
You put'em in the ground, you can take'em out of the ground. Go on.
I wouldn't be caught dead in that.
I stick my neck out for nobody.
You're dead meat, slime bag.
I stopped by your house and your mom said you left at like six or something.
I don't know.
I'm him.
I got ta know the truth, Kevin. The truth is for suckers, Johnny-Boy.
Fucking cat.
Our standards have to be higher than anyone else's, because we are the standard ... for everyone else ... Well, as a `` standard''
Well Nathan Jr. accepts me for what I am and I think you better had, too.
Suave. goddam are you suave, you fucker.
... the heart.
Good, now get some sleep - I may wish to have sex again before we eat breakfast.
Yeah!
I heard that movie was good.
... Have you checked the children? What?
Listen to your parents and teachers. They got a line on most things, so don't treat them like enemies. There's always a chance you could learn something. Try to keep an open mind. Try to understand the viewpoint of others. Consider the minority opinion, but try to get along with the majority opinion once it's accepted.
As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed.
Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was ... Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke?
I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
Look out!
What are you doing?
Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
They didn't, they buried him at the foot of Anubis. He was either someone of great importance. Or he did something very naughty.
If you love me, let me in --!
Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
You have my family.
A diploma! Therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Universitatus Committeeatum e plurbis unum, I hereby confer upon you the honorary degree of Th.D.
Get your big butt back in that house!
I'm a little pregnant right now.
My name is Shosanna Dreyfus, and this is the face of Jewish Vengeance!
You're asking yourself: Will that limit what they may become? You feel your whole family's future's compromised ... held hostage ... I do know how it is. You attract a crowd.
Don't be messing with me, Lee. I will kick your ass.
I like to cry when I come.
Yeah, this is the guy, this guy should compensate me for the fucking rug. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug. Thaaat's right Dude; they pee on your fucking Rug.
This is a true story!
Because there was a lot of good in our relationship.
They can amaze us like a thunderstorm, or die so young, or live for years alone.
I might just give you a big wet kiss.
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that? I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way. That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either.
Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it ... ... I tend to agree with the first part.
What do you think?
Sherman, I'm from the South and I'm beginning not to like this very much.
I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan.
I was getting a cookie ... And yet you are ten feet off the ground and have done a perfect split.
I know that guy.
I said to trade me!
The trees are an oasis of green in a world of mud between the two stark and ugly scars of the trenches. Don't worry, son. Those Yankee boys keep store hours.
You made a joke.
I know people are supposed to fall in love before they reproduce, but normalcy's not really our style.
Knows better.
Don't be messing with me, Lee. I will kick your ass.
You're losing your eye. You used to be able to pitch better than that.
Uh, remember when you said ogres have layers?
And of course I still keep the rug.
Looks a little like our house doesn't it?
Oh, I'm going to get a great kick out of this.
Remember what the fellow said ... - in Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo - Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance ... In Switzerland, they had brotherly love. They had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce?
That monominute somebody gets that you need them they threaten to go away.
Don't take that tone with me, my good man.
As a girl, you see the world like a giant candy store, filled with sweet candy and such. But one day you look around and see a prison and you're on death row. You wan na run, or scream or cry.
I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die.
Do you know how hard it is for me to be here?
You're breaking up with me?
Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
I think that's right!
Ladies and Gentlemen and invited Tran gendered species ... In my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites I have discovered it is traditional to present the `` happy couple'' with a gift. Given Commander Riker's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation.
Not this bitch.
God saw to it to put you in my path. And I aim to cure ya of your wickedness.
I see.
With all the power shut down, those bastards are probably scared shitless.
You didn't know your mother at all if you think someone like me would've ever stood a chance with someone like her.
If he had held the ball laces out, like you're supposed to, Ray would never have missed that kick. Dan Marino should die of Gonorrhea and rot in Hell. Would you like a cookie, son? Ace takes a cookie. Holding it up.
Wild thing, You make my heart sing, You walk everything.
Make the final preparations ... Heart.
You are our king, sire. And do you trust your king? Your men, my lord, will follow you to whatever end. To whatever end Where is the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? They have passed like rain on the mountains. Like wind in the meadow.
Eddie, get him down from there.
Well, I don't know if you recognize my voice, but this is the President. The United States.
I'm kind of lonely these days.
Spoilt for choice.
You freak!
Fortunately, Dr. Watson never writes about mine.
If I'm so ignorant, maybe you should teach me. Sky people can not learn. You do not See.
You sunk it!
You give up the condo life, give up all your flaming worldly possessions, go live in a dilapidated house in the toxic waste part of town ...
I was a General.
Like he was a fucking rocket!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Because if you're uncomfortable with the EPA up your ass, try the IRS ... Well, goddamn. Are you threatening me, Dick? Presidents don't threaten. They don't have to. Good day, gentlemen.
... I don't wan na trade insults with you.
How could Earth launch a ship this massive and neither of us know about it?
This son of a bitch is throwing a two hit shutout and he's shaking me off?!
Well?
All right, boys.
You can't always have it your own way, regardless of anything else that may have happened.
It scares the willies out of me.
I studied the Method.
Well, we won't be a problem any more.
There's an instant `` oh fuck''
I know he blew up at Fugi, but this kid is flat out magic!
You had the right idea all along.
Goddammit, I sure as hell did that much.
Raise your hand is you're wondering who the hell breaks the same bone five times? I have something called Osteogenesis Imperfecta. It's a genetic disorder. I don't make this particular type of protein very well and it makes my bones very low in density, very easy to break. I've had fifty-four breaks in my life. I have the tamest version of the disorder ... Type one.
Otherwise they're gon na make a fool out of you. They're not gon na make a fool out of me. I write it all down in this book, every fuckin'nickel that goes down.
God, that just killed me.
Try not to rip his clothes off'em they're new.
I am going to take a wild guess that this isn't him, either.
I studied every night for two weeks.
Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both. And all the while I thought, Lestat, we deserve your vengeance. You gave me the dark gift. And I delivered you into the hands of death for the second time.
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Don't remember our names ... But I`member my true mommy ... Why are you all here?
`` Nothing that results from human progress is achieved with unanimous consent ...'' `` And those who are enlightened before the others are condemned to purse that light in spite of others ...'' There was a time when the New World didn't exist ...
You don't matter! In a few seconds you won't even be matter!
I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how. And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him.
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Fear of God makes you afraid of everything. All the Jews are good at is being afraid. And being sacrificed. Don't you believe in God? I'm the only one here who does believe. You say he's mysterious, yet merciful. I see him for the power- drunk madman He is.
And remember, gentlemen, we're always here, two to two, A.M. to P.M., three hundred and sixty-four days and Christmas, God willing and the creek don't rise ... He's in the house.
Tonight, my dear Maxwell, I am ready to try my experi- ment on a human.
Her blood is clean, you're killing her. Death is peaceful.
I didn't know you were funny.
Find out tonight at eleven.
See no evil.
Johner's gun drops to the floor.
Nice firm buttocks.
Not quite yet.
The two Basterds admire Aldo's handiwork.
That ain't no woman! It's a man, man.
I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
Ah, ya got Arbie's allo'er me.
He knows all those guys he yelled at are friends of ours.
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
You were great in your day, Superman. But When the time came to cash in your chips, Lex Luthor was just naturally your banker! Mind ...
I don't know what the big deal is. Eighteen seconds left.
I'm giddy. I feel like a child whose best friend has strict Chinese parents who never let him come out and play but now his Chinese parents are away for the Chinese New Year.
Follow that ape!
Yeah, I'm gon na make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gon na make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac.
Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
an'any fucker takes a shot at me, I ain't just gon na kill him, but I'm gon na kill his wife an'all his friends an'burn his fucking house, hear? Nobody better shoot on account of I'm as mean as I say ... maybe meaner. I am a damn badman an'you will not find a worse one in hell. Go ahead, shoot him. I endt no dehpoody. You boys better bury old Ned right ... and you better not carve up nor otherwise harm no whores ... or I will come back an'kill more sonsabitches, hear?
N/A
You're wrong, Dad.
It's too nice a job to rush.
... Long live the fighters!
Alright You're bigger than Jason or Freddie now! Only you're a real person!
So you fucked a student?
Math?
I grew up in this town. People used to walk tall in this town, they wouldn't have traded the mill for a crooked casino.
For twenty- three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you!
Who wants gum?
Data, data, data!
Boys, boys! Did I ever tell you the one about the Swede and the Irishman goin'to the whorehouse? So, you think you're big tough men?
And he saw that it was good.
Don't hurt me Arch, I'm only little.
Your uncle had a weakness for dark ones, tall and stately.
Oh, my ... he died ... We�ll have to bury him.
I pay for this house. I work ten hours a day at a job I can't stand. You don't have to! Bullshit! I'm not happy about it. But I have the backbone not to run away from my responsibilities! It takes backbone to lead the life you want, Frank.
I'm not much more than an interpreter, and not very good at telling stories.
Lick me!
Let's see, do I spend my last night on Earth watching Mom and Dad pretend not to be fighting again or get in ten years of making-out at the mall ... you do the math.
This has most definitely stopped being funny.
I'm glad things have worked out for you.
You're amazing.
After all, Potter, some people like George had to stay home. Not every heel was in Germany and Japan!
If it'll make you feel any better, you're going to take a lot of Aussies with you and make me a lot of money.
We'll miss the third act.
Look, I know you kinda hold me up as your career template and it gives you some anal charge to challenge me but you win.
Now you can make this peaceful, or you can make it hard.
Death is a worry of the living. The dead only worry about decay and necrophiliacs.
I understand you're a man who knows how to get things. I'm known to locate certain things from time to time.
She's a friend of ours isn't she?
You were forever catching colds.
Dig it, Ms. Wade.
... Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN! I tell you I saw blood right on the bottom of her shoes!
Dammit!
You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K ... kaniggets.
I don't know about'what happened,'Vi, because once you start writing, it all becomes fiction. Still, it certainly is an improvement over your last story: There is now at least a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Greatness is overrated.
God, come on Veronica!
He is longer than a fox and wiry, but with a small pot-belly.
If you're dealing with someone who's crushed, stabbed, shot and detonated five members of his own IMF team, how devastated do you think you're going to make him by marching Ma and Uncle Donald down to the county courthouse?
On a mountain of skulls in a castle of pain, I sat on a throne of blood. What was will be, what is will be no more. Now is the season of evil. Find me a child that I might live again.
N/A
God bless them both.
And if it's not a physical problem ...
She wants to suck on your penis.
It doesn't matter to them.
In peace nothing so becomes a man as modesty and humility.
Returning to the house of my Fatherfatherfatherfather ... That piece is entitled `` Mirror/Father/Mirror.'' I like to show it to people I'm meeting for the first time because it says so much about who I am and what it feels like to inhabit my specific skin. And this is exactly what I'm hoping to get from each of you over the course of this Summer: a picture of your own self-exploration. My own background is in video and performance art, but I'm hoping that doesn't influence you and that you'll find your own ways of externalizing the internal. At the end of the Summer, this class has been invited, along with several others in the area, to participate in a show of High-School art at the Neighborhood Activity Center. The title of the show will be `` Brotherhood and Community: Art as Dialogue.'' I think the `` Brotherhood'' theme ties in nicely with the theme of self-discovery that I'd like to emphasize in this class.
And let my cry come unto thee.
You can't be a proper writer without a touch of madness, can you? Traffic with the Devil, Maddy, and you'll pay the Devil's price.
Yes, it's always been one of my favorites too.
No, but it looks like you broke most of his ribs.
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Even if I wanted to - as you say - be less humble, blow my own horn ... how would I do it?
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience.
Hey mister! I don't mean to be tellin'tales out a school, but there's a man in there hands out ten dollars to anyone sings into his can! I'm not here to make a record, ya dumb cracker, they broadcast me out on the radio.
Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families, David.
Thirty years I've been asking permission to piss.
I got this dress at a thrift store for one dollar.
Oh, my God.
I love Patricia. Patricia's amazing. Patricia makes coffee nervous.
The House is alive and we're all gon na die.
Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC is'Peace is our Profession.'God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange. But if launched, those missiles in Cuba would kill a lot of Americans. That's why I'm being such a pain in the ass about destroying them.
Usually it's painted cardboard boxes in a garage.
I don't know if you can be in love with one person the whole time. I was ... actually I was in love with her sister first, when I was twenty-one.
You don't understand.
I've been keeping an eye out for you.
Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood! And nobody did anything?
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
If you ain't eatin'Wham, you ain't eatin'ham!
I never do.
The most beautiful I've ever known.
All over India people are praying that you will end the fast.
You were right ... You know, I musta done something right in a previous life.
- exercise gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy -- happy people don't kill their husbands!
You got goddamn tweety-birds flutterin'around your head, that's what you got. You think you're gon na fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after?
God knows what they charged.
Let me kiss it better ... A little child she was, but also a fierce killer, now capable of the ruthless pursuit of blood with all a child's demanding.
I was about to send out a search party ... Danny ...
Why don't you just tell'em it's me. Because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler.
He's just a boyfriend, Dante, and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio, I'm about to become single again.
The police are the proper people to conduct this affair.
It don't have the muzzle velocity of some other drinks drunk around here, but it's good for what ails you.
Now let's get the hell out ...
?
It's a shame you're not getting along.
It's our only fucking hope.
This is Frank you're talking to.
if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels ... I'm not letting go of him.
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a fool.
The entire top shelf is jammed with cardboard cartons of orange juice.
Mad Fist went mad, and the `` Gun'' shot himself.
Tell him you've loved him for nine years, but you were afraid to realize it.
Hey, get off of me!
She's only a ship, mate.
`` Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah, funky chicken do da da `` love my girl''
Red, I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
I want that fucking radio!
Think of yourself sitting around the bar crowing to your buddies about the Cadillac you won off Tin Cup McAvoy.
But it even says what she bought: a bar of soap!
That guy has been stoned since the third grade.
You sold me out!
You're a creature of the night, Michael!
Jesus. I feel like we've caught the Jap carriers steaming for Pearl Harbor.
The entire street is clear except for one small area under construction, with a huge hole that is clearly marked and blocked off, and you decide you must cross the street at this spot. You fall into the hole and you want to sue the city for negligence?
Ah, for crying out loud, they're all in boxes, you idiot!
Sherman?
Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing. Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
The princess will be up the stairs in the highest room in the tallest tower.
Great, another asshole with a fetish for Asian girls. God, it gets so old.
I'm sure, once you get to know them -- I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you with a minimum of fuss.
There's nnnothin'else to see.
I get a call from Shirley on the radio: Bad News. It's never good news. She tries to be cheerful, tries to say something nice, but uh-huh, it's just Bad News. And It Stinks. But this is my job. And I Love It. Because I want to do well. In this life and in this world I want to do well. And I want to help people. And I may get twenty bad calls a day. But one time I help someone, I Make A Save? I correct a wrong or right a situation; Then I'm a happy cop. And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good.
Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
Perverse as a pink pickle.
Do you know ... what the most frightening thing in the world is?
If you can't handle her, just say the word. Try that again.
Did you ever pick your teeth up with broken fingers?
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with ... it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear ... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are dead.
I don't think he's breathing.
So just then, the sea cucumber looks over to the mollusk and says:'with fronds like these, who needs anemones?
Sebastion: Ariel, grab on to that. Flounder, get her to that boat as fast as Flounder: I'll try. Sebastian: I've got ta get to the sea king. He must know about this. Scuttle: What - What about me? What about ME? Sebastian: You - find a way to STALL THAT WEDDING! Scuttle: Stall the wedding. Wh- what am I - what - that's it! Priest: Dearly beloved... Flounder: Don't worry Ariel. ugh - we - we're gon na make it. We're almost Priest: Yes, um, do you Eric, take Vanessa, to be your lawfully wedded wife, Eric: I do. Priest: Eh, and do you... Vanessa: Get away from me you slimy little- Oh, why you little- Eric: Ariel? Ariel: Eric. Eric: You - you can talk. You're the one. Vanessa: Eric, get away from her! Eric: It - it was you all the time. Ariel: Oh, Eric, I - I wanted to tell you. Vanessa: ERIC NO! Ursula: You're too late! You're too late! So long, loverboy. Eric: Ariel! Ursula: Poor little princess - it's not you I'm after. I've a much bigger fish Triton: Ursula, stop! Ursula: Why, King Triton! Ha ha ha - How ARE you? Triton: Let her go. Ursula: Not a chance, Triton! She's mine now. We made a deal. Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry! I - I - I didn't mean to. I didn't know - Ursula: You see? The contract's legal, binding and completely unbreakable - Grimsby: Eric! What are you doing? Eric: Grim, I lost her once. I'm not going to lose her again. Ursula: Now! Do we have a deal? Ha! It's done then. Ariel: No... Oh, No! Sebastion: Oh, your majesty... Ariel: Daddy?... Ursula: At last, it's mine. Ho, Ho... Ariel: You - You monster! Ursula: Don't fool with me you little brat! Contract or no- AAAAHH! Ariel: Eric! Eric look out! Ursula: After him! Sebastion: Come on!... Ursula: Say goodbye to your sweetheart. Ariel: Eric, you've got to get away from here. Eric: No, I won't leave you. Ursula: You pitiful, insignificant, fool! Eric: Look out! Ursula: Now I am the ruler of all the ocean! The waves obey my every whim! Ariel: ERIC! Ursula: So much for true love! Triton: She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian? Sebastian: Well, it's like I always say, Your Majesty. Children got to be free Triton: You - always say that? Then I guess there's just one problem Sebastian: And what's that, Your Majesty? Triton: How much I'm going to miss her. Sebastion: Yes, Thank you, thank you. Ariel: I love you Daddy.
You talk like a pissed off dishwasher: `` Fuck those cunts and their fucking tips.''
He was called back to Russia and was investigated. You can get further details from his widow.
No one would have believed in the early years of the21st century, that our world was being watched by intelligences greater than our own. That as men busied themselves about their various concerns, they observed and studied. Like the way a man with a microscope might scrutinize the creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to and fro about the globe, confident of our empire over this world.
Louise ... no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
Gee bud. You never told me it was going to be like this man.
I'd just like to say that if there are many more back home like you, God help anyone who goes to war with America.
Use a knife.
She didn't ask me for the ride.
Look, let me explain something.
I am the wind blowing through your hair I am the shadow on the moon at night Filling your dreams to the brim with fright This is Halloween, this is Halloween Halloween!
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me.
Look, going good against remotes is one thing.
They keeping you busy these days?
I don't like to be ordered to do anything.
Well, in case it gets hairy, remember ... the most committed wins.
All you have to do is say, Excuse me, I've been sitting here since the start of the Millennium and I'd really like some action from you before the end of the world.
You're just like all those other dummies out there.
I shoulda held on longer.
And to being here, with my best friends in the world. There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
You're just as crazy as your mama. Goes to show it's in the genes! Do you have any idea what you're getting into, my man? You think Jack Ruby just up and died of cancer in four weeks after he gets a retrial? That's some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's a `` going out of business cancer''. You got the right ta-ta, but the wrong ho-ho.
Do you have other things?
You want more?
My wheels - My God, I can't move my wheels.
Besides, darling, the owner of the phone might be a beautiful woman and you may never come back.
As Confucius says, `` Don't simply be good. Make good things happen.''
The irezumi does not hide the skin, the tattoo reveals the nature of the man and illuminates the four noble professions in the Book of Five Rings: the Warrior, the Artist, the Merchant, and the farmer. If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
Day pro fun.
This one's gon na be my Driving Miss Daisy.
There will be flowing water here open to the sky and rich green oases. For the spice there will always be some desert. There will be fierce winds and trials to toughen men. We Fremen have a saying ... `` God created Arrakis to train the faithful.'' One can not go against the word of God.
I like the sound of that.
`` SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER, A Gay Romp with Adolph and Eva in Berchtesgarten.'' Fantastic! It's practically a love letter to Hitler! It won't run a week!
I don't want to, but I do.
When they drew her, they broke the pencil.
You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny.
You fucking prick, we had a deal -- you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture.
It is time for their secret identity to become their only identity.
You just bought yourself a fighting chance.
Okay, good.
Oh, I know, that's not what I'm saying ... Because I look upon a woman as a whole.
Don't you ever think that one day, perhaps one day soon, you too will die? The closer I come to death, the more I want to live. The hungrier I am for life.
A lot of the time fucking is all you have, hen you go to sleep at night, you dream of pussy. When you wake up, it's the same thing. It's in your face, in your dreams, you can't escape it. Sometimes when you're young, the only place to go is inside. That's just it. Fucking is what I love. Take that away from me, and I really got nothin.
Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
Hello.
If I was speaking to a slightly hostile or mostly straight audience, I'd try to break the tension with a joke ... I know, I know, I'm not what you were expecting, but I left my high heels at home.
In Richard Nixon's long history of underhanded dealings, he has never gotten better value for his money. If I were to open my mouth, all the dominoes would fall.
Bazooko Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war.
Somebody was in your head, with big steel- toe boots, a couple of cable cutters and a chainsaw, and they went to town! Neurons got wasted, circuits rewired, brain cells obliterated -- Congressman Shaw?
Look at this fuckin'beaut they put in now. Sherbert send you in here to rob me now? Been fuckin'knockin'everybody's dick in all night?
Listen you screwheads: Here is a man ...
I am not now, nor have I ever been ... a psychologist.
You're an athlete.
There's a railroad strike.
... Do you know who I am?
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin'a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water.
Norville Barnes, you don't know a thing about that woman! You don't know who she really is! And only a numbskull thinks he knows things about things he knows nothing about!
Buddy, I hate to break it to you, but in the real world ... where I live ... there're only two kindsa love stories. Boy loses girl and girl loses boy. That's all there is. Somebody always gets left behind. You try to avoid that, you'll end up an old man toastin'yourself with egg nog in the mirror on Christmas Eve. You'll end up dying in your own arms.
I think I'm actually angry at you for trying to take that away.
You talk to me like that! Big Clyde Barrow, just the same as your brother, an ignorant uneducated hillbilly. Only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about lovemakin'-- which is no love makin'at all.
Just get this: I picked you for the job, not because I think you're so darn smart, but because I thought maybe you were a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit. I guess I was all wet.
If I ever did eat some pussy - I would never eat any pussy - but, if I did eat some pussy, I sure as hell wouldn't tell no goddamn body. I'd be ashamed as a motherfucker. Shit! Nigger you smoke enough sherm your dumb ass'll do a lot a crazy ass things.
You bitch!
Only one may enter here.
Who designed these costumes? It looks like Edith Head puked and that puke designed these costumes.
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.
They'll want Annabelle's mother.
I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
The word was out.
I'm listening. `` I guarantee that we'll have tough times. I guarantee that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart -- you're the only one for me''.
I'm old enough to tell when people are acting like total a-holes!
You don't fight a junkyard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is take the leash off your own, bigger, meaner dog.
For the life of me, Paul, I can't think how to tell my wife she's going to die.
Picture the damage he could do other places.
Why don't you try again?
`` These violent delights have violent ends ...'' `` ... And in their triumph die, like fire and powder ...''
Au revoir.
Her own internal soundtrack, you know? Dark-core, trip hop, whatever kids these days are listening to.
Jesus. Can't you people keep anything locked up?
That's the first rule of politics, isn't it?
How does one get off this thing?
Now don't kid a kidder. I don't think we caught your name, young man.
Listen. If that guy lays an egg.
Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think of me? That I would fuck with your happiness?
'S'open.
As the virus penetrates the red blood cells the victim becomes dizzy and begins to experience a rash and itching. From there the poison works its way into the central nervous system causing severe muscle spasms, followed by the inevitable drooling. At this point, the entire digestive system is rendered useless, causing the complete collapse of the lower bowels, accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence ... until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering, wasted piece of jelly.
Why, if you tore one picket off of your neighbor's fence he'd sue you!
`` 11th June 1954'' We realised why Deborah and I have such extraordinary telepathy and why people treat us and look at us the way they do. It is because we are MAD.
I could like kill a guy with these things. It's in your closet.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.
I expect the best, but I give the best.
Mace ... no disrespect ... but you run this on the 11o'clock news, by midnight you got the biggest riot in history. They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.
The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in.
Hey, Toad.
I don't know what the hell's in there, but it's weird and pissed off, whatever it is.
Sick bastards.
If he's ready to lay a dragon in its grave, he's got nothing to fear from me. I've no more love for that creature than you lot. Nor has the King. But, before you stir things up, don't you think it a good idea to see you've got the right man for the job? Aha -- it's a test you're looking for. We don't do tests. I'm sure you don't. They never do tests -- and not many real deeds either.
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
I think I got an idea for a movie.
It's blood!
Place at the table.
Well, I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waitin'on people almost twenty years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is about the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits, ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I got ta start all over again, but I got nothin to start over with. I'll be stuck with whatever I can get. And that scares me more than Ordell.
Well, that's maybe all right for a bunch of powdered gee-gaws like you lot but I'm feeling decidedly strait-jacketed. This is no life for a free-booting agent of my stamp. I'm a frustrated man and that class of McCartney is a dangerous McCartney.
Don't get confused, Tony.
You don't want to hack me up now.
Most people think someone's accused of a crime, they haul'em in and bring'em to trial, but it's not like that, it's not that fast.
Huh?
You know, I had a pretty good time tonight.
So Bloom performed his role in Stephen's story to a T. And being who he wasn't, could be as he wished to be.
Can I borrow your mother? My aunt is coming over to dinner tonight and she's always on my nerves. My step-father is an asshole!
You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it.
Oh shit!
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
You and I used to be pals.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. When you love someone, you've got ta trust them. There's no other way. You've got to give them the key to everything that's yours.
Promise me one thing, whatever path you take in this life ... be true to yourself. Do you remember the legend of the young man? `` A faithful heart makes wishes come true.'' Make a wish, Lo.
Listen, I wan na say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian!
That's good shit.
I dare you to even try.
I was getting younger than everybody else ...
Free cable is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
Look. I understand opening- night jitters, but you've got one of the great actors in American theater starring in your play.
These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission ... to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life forms, and new civilizations ... To boldly go, where no one has gone ... before ...
The neighbor nods.
- Pike, I wouldn?
Hey, there Boris. What would you say if I told you that your pinko, commie mother sucked so much dick ... `` Now, that wasn't too polite, was it?''
One with strong roots in a community like Mount Rose, a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
I had a phlemless morning.
Including college.
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
Only if we get stopped, next time I'll be the one hitchin'and you can give me a ride.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
It was a solo gig after he left the Cars.
I declare you are the loveliest girl I ever set eyes on!
I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay. I agree. But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections. And I think certain older persons like you and your `` colleague'' shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant. And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
Well isn't this adorable.
Try to find out when they're going to announce.
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does, helping like ... here and there, as it might be.
No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext.
He just fell asleep.
I've been saving this money for a divorce, if ever I get a husband.
Anybody else in the house?
Nothing. Tell'em to stay out there. Thank-you very fucking much, Mr. Mason, you've led us to a room with no exit.
Establish communication with maniac intruder. Wrong.
Open up and say `` ahhhhh,''
Who the fuck are you to be sweatin'me, man? I got my reasons for doin'what I do. When I was a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I'd go to sleep and he'd say to me, Percy, if you don't wake up tomorrow, if it turns out that today was your last day on earth, would you be proud of what you've done in this life? Cuz if you ain't, then you better start gettin'square.
You think I fell? You think I jumped?
They killed him getting it off.
Don't ever fuck with me like that again.
Ow!
Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here!
Just most of you lot tend to be called Dan, or Danny, so it's always worth a punt.
I practice only when I am alone and it is dark. At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it.
And we never say anything unless it is worth taking a looong time to say.
Bud I like you, just remember something.
They've assigned me enough pictures for a goddamn year.
First who, where, why and how I fuck is none of your business, second don't call me'baby,'I'm not your baby and last, even if I was blind, desperate, starved and begging for it on a desert island, you'd be the last thing I'd ever fuck.
You're like the coolest brother in the world.
You're very tired.
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
Listen, I've been fatally poisoned, there's probably a psychopath heading over there to torture and kill you as we speak, but don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be there in a flash ... Maybe you could fry me up a waffle or something, kay?
And even I know that ain't something you can find just around the corner.
Fuck you, asshole.
... alot of people think this is just a job that you go to ..... take a lunch hour, the jobs over, something like that. But ... it's a 24 hour deal ... no two ways about it .... and what most people don't see: Just How Hard It Is To Do The Right Thing. People think if I make a judgment call that it's a judgment on them ... but that's not what I do and that's not what should be done ... I have to take everything and play it as it lays. Sometimes people need a little help. Sometimes people need to be forgiven and sometimes they need to go to jail. And that's a very tricky thing on my part ... making that call ... the law is the law and heck if I'm gon na break it ... but you can forgive someone ....?
She doesn't want the chocolate!
There's nothing to worry about.
This chick was up on the table with her legs in the stirrups before the doctor even walked in the room.
Well if there's one chick'd know when you're pulling your hips out early, Annie's the one.
ENGLEHORN comes out of the WHEELHOUSE - JACK is on the top!
Hey look, it's the pants.
You know, that's another reason for me not to like you. That rumhead spent twenty years in jail for poisoning a kid. If you know him, you must be a jailbird yourself. Would you show these gentlemen to the door.
You will not be harmed if you do exactly what I say, when I say it.
-- and if you make one more move on me I swear to God I'll cut your fuckin'balls off and shove'em up your ass!
There will be no dawn for Men.
Hey!
Side effects may include oily discharge, dizziness, hives, loss of appetite, difficulty breathing and low blood pressure. If you have diabetes or a history of kidney trouble ... you're fucked!
Nearest Ford auto man's Bristol.
You were great in your day, Superman. But When the time came to cash in your chips, Lex Luthor was just naturally your banker! Mind ...
If I pull it off, it's gon na get other people killed ... Out of options, Max. Take comfort in knowing you never had a choice.
I hope it hurts like hell! John Coffey ... you have been condemned to die in the electric chair by a jury of your peers ... sentence imposed by a judge in good standing in this state.
Now straighten up this mess!
Christ on a bendy-bus, Simon, stop being such a faffing fuck-arse. I am standing my ground on the verge.
-?
If we find the nest and destroy it, the dragons will leave.
You stupid sonofa ... There comes a point where a reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit he's made a terrible mistake. The truth is, I was never a reasonable man. And what I recalled of Sunday School was that the more difficult something became, the more rewarding it was in the end.
Respecting all forms of life -- however small ... Help!
Don't dream and drive!
I've only ever served you, my lord! Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast! Send me not from your side.
As always, should you or any member of your IM force be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow all knowledge of your actions. This tape will self- destruct in five seconds.
I been kicking his narrow ass since high school.
Or is it just for boys?
-- See if any was sold in quantity the last month.
Don't everyone thank me at once.
John might be a meddler.
Now this is my idea of an ass bandit.
I have to deliver this. I have a very thirsty date.
You know what happens. The volume gets turned way up and the next thing you know those girls are gon na get shot.
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for. Drew's a good man.
Let me take you somewhere.
I been tellin'the ladies about your music and they wan na hear you play.
I have a secret.
As many toilets as I can find. Germans never go into Jewish toilets.
You better take me home, now.
