Just as this flesh is pink now, it will turn grey and wrinkle with age. Let me live, please.
In Paris a vampire has to be clever for many reasons.
You like dying?
Au contraire, my dear.
Let you go?
And as we blundered through it, again came the thought: I have wronged Lestat, I have hated him for th wrong reasons.
For years I had not savoured a human. And when I had Lestat's words made sense to me. I knew peace only when I killed and when I heard her heart in that terrible rhythm I knew again what peace could be. Yet even then I could not contenance it. All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats. Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire. You don't want it to go on.
You live off the blood of rats now Louis.
We had become so alike, we both wanted the certainties of loneliness once more. I had returned to new Orleans. As soon as I smelt the air, I knew I was home. There was sadness there, rich, almost sweet, like the fragrance of jasmine. I walked the streets, savouring it like a long lost perfume. And then on Prytania Street, only blocks from the Lafayette cemetery I caught the scent of death and it wasn't coming from the graves. The scent grew stronger as I walked. Old death. A scent too faint for mortals to detect. They were like the doomed princess caught in the thorny vines of Sleeping Beauty's castle.
Never drink from the dead.
We were free.
You look like a loved kid.
Well, you could always join a commercial raft trip and go with a licensed guide. They usually have a few last minute cancellations.
I'm gon na nail your ass! I'm gon na nail your ass! I'm gon na nail your ass!
You know what that is? Came with a damn stigmata if you can believe that!
And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious.
If I was only in it for Rex's money, he shouldn't have to give me any.
I loved my husband, Rex.
No, I know what I look like without any clothes on, I look naked.
Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper? You know, when I was in first grade.
You do understand that your sideburns don't look real?
Look, I'm not rich, my father is. And I didn't pick my father. And if I had a choice between having tons of money or having another father, I'd be absolutely delighted to be poor! But unfortunately life is not a cafeteria!
People should do and say exactly what they feel or think and not try to hide things.
You didn't know your mother at all if you think someone like me would've ever stood a chance with someone like her. That just goes to show you how stupid this town is, that they'd believe she slept with me.
I guess it never occurred to you to just say,'Please mister, I'm in trouble.
Great! But that's the way things go. You think you got a swell yarnthen something comes alongmesses up the finishand there you are.
There must be some easier way for me to get my wings.
That's a Christmas present from a very dear friend of mine.
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world. And I'm going to build things. I'm going to build air fields. I'm going to build skyscrapers a hundred stories high.
I've been over the whole house, even in rooms that have been locked ever since I lost Laura.
No securities no stocks no bonds nothing but a miserable little five hundred dollar equity in a life insurance policy. You're worth more dead than alive.
Well, in my book he died a much richer man than you'll ever be! I'm not interested in your book. I'm talking about the Building and Loan.
Ask your mother.
You know where he lives?
Joseph, Jesus and Mary.
Boys and girls and music.
Dear Father in Heaven, I'm not a praying man, but if you're up there and you can hear me, show me the way. I'm at the end of my rope. Show me the way, God.
Hot dog!
Bert Ernie!
I'm going home and see my wife and family.
I don't know whether I like it very much being seen around with an angel without any wings.
That's Henry F. Potter, the richest and meanest man in the county.
I've been saving this money for a divorce, if ever I get a husband.
Bad ear.
Hey, what is.
The highest hotels the oldest champagne the richest caviar the hottest music, and the prettiest wife!
Now, you stand right over here, by the tree.
Really, Jake, I'm a little tired, I was just gon na take a bath.
She ain't used to this kinda treatment. I mean, gangsters don't give a fuck - but for the average citizen, coupla nights in County fuck with your mind.
I always try and steer a customer towards a 9- millimeter.
I never lied to you.
Try not to rip his clothes off'em they're new.
I ain't givin'you fuckin'excuses, I'm givin'you reasons. Oh, you gon na tell me the reason you lost all the goddam money I got in the world! Let me tell you the reason, motherfucker! The reason is, your ass ain't worth a shit no more! You best back off. What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your assuse'ta be beautiful. You didn't tell me you were gon na do some shopping.
I go walkin'in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you're the first man shot, understand what I'm sayin'?
The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is about the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits, ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I got ta start all over again, but I got nothin to start over with. I'll be stuck with whatever I can get. And that scares me more than Ordell.
Based on the defendant's prior conviction and the extreme possibility of flight due to her occupation, the State requests a bond of no less than twenty-five thousand. I'll set bond at ten thousand and set the date of August 14th for the arraignment. When is that, your honor? That's six weeks from now, Miss Brown.
I bet you come here on a Saturday night, you need nigga repellent keep'em off your ass.
I did.
He's keeping his stash where it is, but he wants to bring in fifty thousand for bail in case he needs it.
I might be tempted. Especially now, since I'm getting out of the bail bonds business.
Very first motherfuckin'thing they did. They see I put up a big money bond on my boy, they start thinking with thatwhere-there's-smoke-there's fire logic. They roust my ass outta bed, teno'clock in the morning. Fuckin'scare my woman, Sherona, half to death. She thought they were gon na take my ass away for sure.
This shits gettin silly now.
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass.
You could teach that bitch for days how it is'tween me an you, she never understand a damn word.
Jesus, but if you two aren't the biggest fuck-ups I've ever seen in my life.
You goddamn piece of shit!
Come on man, show your stuff.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart. If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world.
Anything else?
There's no time for this bullshit.
Because I've seen enough horror movies to know masked weirdos are never friendly.
Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
Yup, that ought'a do it.
Try some of this.
You're in the water with the shark.
You love sharks?
I've been to sea since I was 12.
I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers here. As you can see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open, and the folks here are having a wonderful time. Amity,y'know, means'Friendship.'CAMERA 1: As Vaughn speaks to us on the monitors, the monitor for Camera 1 pans over to show a Sightseeing Bus pull up in the parking area, and a horde of media vultures spilling out, carrying cameras with long lenses and tripods, telescopes, sunshades and parasols, all the equipment of the curious and none of the equipment of the holiday bather or swimmer.
There's an extra pair of glasses in your black socks, and there's some suntan lotion and blistex in your kit.
You got it.
Take me and leave my family alone.
Take me and leave my family alone.
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
Why the fuck would you do a thing like that? Because I'm almost thirty, for God's sake why on earth would I want to keep writing about characters whose central preoccupations are weed and dick and fart jokes? You got ta grow, man. Don't you ever want more for yourself? I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch does. I look in his doe eyes and I see a man crying out,'When, Lord? When the fuck can your servant ditch this foul-mouthed little chucklehead to whom I am a constant victim of his folly, and who bombards me and those around us with grade-A foolishness that prevents me from even getting to kiss a girl?
Drop the kid and peddle your wares someplace else, burn-boy. And for the record, The Time sucked ass. Yo-youse guys wan na hear something fucked up about him and the Quick Stop guy?
Every day, millions of people hitch to Hollywood and stop studios from making movies about'em. But when you and me try it, it's like we're trapped in a fucking cartoon! Zoinks, yo And now we can finally solve the mystery of the Hitchhiking Ghouls!
You've got a sick and twisted world perspective.
My friends and I are taking a road trip, and we just stopped to grab something to eat.
It's a pair of stupid-ass superheroes that run around saying'Snitchy-Nitchies'or something.
Now that was one special effect! This picture's gon na make House Party look like House Party Two! Or House Party Three?
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
Does it say who's playing us in the movie?
We've got a mystery to solve. The only mystery here is why we take our cues from a dick in a neckerchief!
I can't believe I'm gon na get some pussy for stealing a monkey! If I'd known it was that easy,I'd've been stealing monkeys since I was like seven and shit. Don't, motherfucker. Don't you ruin this for me. Me and Justice are gon na get married one day, so don't be giving me that'we-ain't-stealing-no- monkey'look.
I got ta be the craftiest motherfucker alive! Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape! You fat fuck.
Wow, Three guys, four girls What's the count boys?
Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who are making the movie, we're gon na make'em eat our shit, then shit our shit, then eat their shit which is made of our shit that we made'em eat.
This reminds me of the night I fucked your mom, yo. One big-wet, smelly, gaping hole, and me wishing I had a board tied to my ass to keep from falling in.
You must see that a lot, hunh?
Stimulation of the C.L.I.T.
If they were real, I'd beat the shit out of them for being so stupid.
You know, I don't doubt that it was.
If anyone's looking for me, I'll be in my trailer trying to figure out how I got here from an Academy Award.
Now that was one special effect! This picture's gon na make House Party look like House Party Two! Or House Party Three?
Maybe they're one of those gay couples?
No more like rabbits, dogs, cats. heck, even monkeys, If we don't speak for them, who will?
See, man if you were funnier than that, ABC never would've canceled us.
'Ass'means'donkey.
I'm Banky fucking Edwards! Just the motherfucker we came to see!
It's not really stealing it's liberating it, and Wait a second did you say,'No problem'
I taught you all all your moves myself.
There ain't no snacks here, man! Now we got what we came for, so let's get the fuck out!
My friends and I are taking a road trip, and we just stopped to grab something to eat.
I think I get more letters than Santa Claus, Zac Efron and Dr. Phil combined.
Because we may very well be dealing with the two most dangerous men on the planet! This is Jussy's monkey Do something.
You used to be all about the girl stuff: stealing, boning, blowing shit up. Now you're like this little priss with a conscience. It's really a fucking drag. We all got ta grow up some time. If moping around over some little boy you're crushing on is being grown- up, then pass me my Wonder Woman underoos.
This shit fucks you up like Percocets! Hold this. Later, me and Justice can shoot each other with it and fuck like stoned test bunnies.
I can't walk in these shoes.
Find yourself a farmer's daughter with nice big fucking tits, and shake that'bye-bye.'Send it to Sacramento, John.
I'll be Penny Lane and you can be the other girl.
People found it hard to believe that a babe like Jennifer would associate with a dork like me. But we'd been the Wonder Twins since we were practically preverbal. Sandbox love never dies.
A beat of silence.
There's obviously a sicko out there who likes boys. Boys your age. And I don't want you going out there unarmed.
I'm a different person now. A person who uses curse words and kicks orderlies and and sees things that aren't there. A very bad, very damaged person. But sometimes, change can be good. For instance, most occult scholars don't know this, but if you're bitten by a demon and you live you just might absorb some of the demon's abilities. You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
Eat my ass, Chip. You're just jello`cause you're not invited.
I just woke up a few hours later and found my way back, somehow.
It's a dark day for Devil's Kettle, a day we can never, ever forget.
As a person, not just a girl I made love to for four minutes the other night. And I'm scared of what's happening to you. You're acting really fucked up.
Camille is playing piano.
I dreamed some bad people were trying to nail me to a tree with hammers and big stakes and shit. Just like Jesus. They were trying to get to you too, but I wouldn't let`em. I'm a hard-assed, Ford-tough mama bear.
One of these days you're gon na be crying out for me and I might not be there.
I got ta go.
People just burned to death.
You owe me a beer.
I think you forgot, like, two buttons.
Thursday counts as the weekend in college.
The water's warm.
Someone is always to blame, if you go for it, go for it like you do a job, work at it Maybe love shouldn't be such hard work.
You tell me to eat lima beans, I'll eat lima beans.
I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
I'm three months away from the pay increase, Jerry.
Yeah, guess I got revved up at the idea of an evening among adults, no offense buster.
And I dig that about you.
Well.
I feel like breaking the room up.
I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
I feel like breaking the room up.
I don't gush over babies.
And I dig that about you.
That's america. See, America still sets the tone for the world.
I'm sweatin'Bob Sugar calling and telling me I'm blowing the big endorsements if I stay with you.
I'm sweatin'Bob Sugar calling and telling me I'm blowing the big endorsements if I stay with you.
I was remembering even the words of the late Dicky Fox, the original sports agent, who said: The key to this job is personal relationships. And suddenly it was all pretty clear. The answer was fewer clients. Caring for them, caring for ourselves, and the games too. Starting our lives, really. We must embrace what is still virginal about our own enthusiasm, we must crack open the tightly clenched fist and give back a little for the common good, we must simply be the best versions of ourselves. that goodness will be unbeatable and the money will appear.
I had lost the ability to bullshit. It was the me I'd always wanted to be. I printed it up in the middle of the night, before I could re-think it. That's how you become great, man.
I'm not trying to make history.
An African-American man running with a little ball, working for white owners and white agents. It's the iconography of rascism.
I don't know. but on what was supposed to be the happiest night of my business life, it wasn't complete, wasn't nearly close to being in the same vicinity as complete, because I couldn't share it with you.
Whoever snagged him must be some classy babe Don't ever stop fucking me! Sooner.
I'm strong in my mind.
Jesus, Bill, don't you have enough proof of the FBI's complicity now? Maybe I have a little more respect for this country's institutions than you do, Susie. You tell me how the hell you can keep a conspiracy going between the Mob, the CIA, FBI, and Army Intelligence and who knows what else, when you know you can't even keep a secret in this room between 12 people! We got leaks everywhere!
It indicates that the Age of Innocence is not yet over.
Many of'em gone in there but none come out.
Triangulation of crossfire is the key. You get the diversionary shot gets the Secret Service looking one way - Boom! You get the kill shot. The crucial thing is one man has to be sacrificed, then in the commotion of the crowd the job gets done and the others fly out of the country to someplace with no extradition.
I just am unable to describe - a flash of light or smoke or something which caused me to feel that something out of the ordinary had occurred there on the embankment.
The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart?
Hitler always said'the bigger the lie, the more people will believe it.'Lee Oswald - a crazed, lonely man who wanted attention and got it by killing a President, was only the first in a long line of patsies. In later years Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King, men whose commitment to change and to peace would make them dangerous to men who are committed to war, would follow, also killed by such'lonely, crazed men,'who remove our guilt by making murder a meaningless act of a loner. We have all become Hamlets in our country - children of a slain father - leader whose killers still possess the throne. The ghost of John F. Kennedy confronts us with the secret murder at the heart of the American dream. He forces on us the appalling questions: Of what is our Constitution made? What is our citizenship, and more, our lives worth? What is the future of a democracy where a President can be assassinated under conspicuously suspicious circumstances while the machinery of legal action scarcely trembles?
You're just as crazy as your mama. Goes to show it's in the genes! Do you have any idea what you're getting into, my man? You think Jack Ruby just up and died of cancer in four weeks after he gets a retrial? That's some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's a'going out of business cancer'. You got the right ta-ta, but the wrong ho-ho.
Hi, Freckle Face.
This guy Leon Oswald's great, he's kinda nut.
You want to see his insurance card first?
Do you feel like your country has let you down?
Dealing with stuff way beyond my maturity level.
Can I take your coats?
This pretzel tastes like a friggin'donut!
I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you. Here is the church and here is the steeple. We sure are cute for two ugly people.
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
I'm old enough to tell when people are acting like total a-holes! Oh and by the way, I bought another Sonic Youth album and it's the worst thing I've ever heard!
I borrowed Paulie's physics notes in school today.
They'd say you came a long way out here not knowing if anyone would be home.
Call me when you learn how to love just one person and not cheat at your brother's college just because you had four Smirnoff Ices and a bottle of Snow Peak Peach flavored Boone's!
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob.
The plus sign looked more like a division sign.
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.
My name is Vanessa.
Dealing with stuff way beyond my maturity level.
The monkey on your back is the latest trend.
They were Mark and Vanessa Loring, and they were beautiful even in black and white.
Jesus, I didn't say it was.
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream. Shit.
That shirt is working hard.
Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
She's obsessed with dogs.
Somebody else is going to find a precious blessing from Jesus in this garbage dump of a situation.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to.
It was nice seeing you guys again.
Well, I wanted to pick something gender-neutral for now. Once we get the baby, God willing, we can create a more decisive palette.
Doesn't this mist and these plants really create a bonafide prehistoric feeling?
Dr. Grant is looking for the coast.
Eric.
It was this strap alone that saved my life.
One of them was a Green.
Oh, don't worry about that.
I mean, once the U.N. and Costa Rica and everyone decides how to handle the second island, scientist will just go in and look for themselves.
You wan na tell mehow'n the hell you gon na write a book'bout somethin'you don't know nothin'
.I said, I like your hair.
It's on me.
Well now, how many peopled'you see me kill?
A recipe is merely a theme which an intelligent cook can plan each time with variation. Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
A recipe is merely a theme which an intelligent cook can plan each time with variation. Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
You judge everything too severely.
Shit.
Jesus Christ.
I'm gon na fuck you up bitch. Suck my dick! Suck my dick! Suck my dick! Suck my dick, Suck my dick. Suck my dick.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, let me take a shower.
Au revoir.
Okay, let me take a shower.
Spoilt for choice.
they're harmless.
It's all yours, Buddy!
Look at me!
I think we should go back.
These chains are made of chrome steel!
I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
If she loves someone - it's doomed.
There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size.
Twenty girls in feather boas prancing around like circus ponies!
All you had to do is look her in the eye and lie.
In my experience people only go to these films to observe the. undraped form of the native girls.
Your towels and linens are underneath the bed.
Denham!
ENGLEHORN comes out of the WHEELHOUSE - JACK is on the top!
Don't you get lonely in that little green room? Or let me get you someone; I have terrific friends, wild.
I forgot something.
It's something you learn to live with.
My power comes from the North.
I've got a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son.
They key is in the long sentence Everything with him has been word games.
I think there have been five murders and you've got shit to go on.
Point One: The Tibetan people shall unite and drive out imperialist aggressive forces from Tibet. The Tibetan people shall return to the big family of the Motherland - the People's Republic of China.'Point Two: The Local Government of Tibet will actively assist the People's Liberation Army to enter Tibet and consolidate the national defense.
Chinese, GO!
He will return.
I am so glad that Tibet has come back to the Motherland.
I'm comin'at ya snikity-snake.
We all have our place in this world. Mine is here. And yours is I know.
I think I am a reflection, like the moon, on water. When you see me, and I try to be a good man, see yourself June 3, 2008 Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose Kung Fu skills were the stuff of legend. He traveled the land in search of worthy foes.
Nooo!
When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.
There is now a level zero.
You are almost ready to be entrusted with the secret ingredient of my'Secret Ingredient Soup.'And then you will fulfill your destiny and take over the restaurant, just as I took it over from my father, who took it over from his father, who won it from a friend in a game of mahjong.
You are free to eat!
Feeling a little nauseous.
Finally.
Oh, happy day!
There is no such thing as level zero.
The warrior said nothing for his mouth was full.
No, they're breathing!
Why don't you try again?
I was getting a cookie.
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness. It mattered not how many foes he faced. They were no match for his bodacity.
Nooo!
But it even says what she bought: a bar of soap!
All the newspapers, even the left-wing ones wanted the rebellion suppressed. And we were sent here for this very reason. And we are neither madmen nor sadists, gentlemen. Those who call us fascists today, forget the contribution that many of us made to the Resistance. Those who call us Nazis, do not know that among us there are survivors of Dachau and Buchenwald.
The next few days may be decisive for our future and our freedom.
You might think they're Godly, you might get some spiritual lift backstrokin'with dragons but you just put a deputy at risk and Let's not overlook he didn't eat me, maybe'Cause he just ate a cow, you stupid Jack!
You know, when friends or family members say things, they tend not to register so sometimes it helps to hear it from a total stranger.
We're gon na airvac him to Portland.
I keep getting hit with heads!
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning.
I think we should talk when you're a little less excited.
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning.
Oh, Mister DeMora.
The SOUND of a bowling ball.
Number One is clear!
I think it's actually easier for me to be disappointed.
I will topple the gleaming pillars and drag the whole fucking diseased, corrupt temple down on my head. Stay tuned. It'll be Biblical. .going live now to City Hall where Mayor Tilden is about to make a statement.announcing, we're told, among other things, the dismissal of District Attorney Nick Price.
You make the right decision, I'll see what I can do for you. But the wrong decision is one you'll have to live with the rest of your life.
Unless there's hard evidence tying me to these crimes, forensic or otherwise, why am I here?
Come on, suck your finger, you'll be seeing mermaids everywhere!
This fish wasn't caught. It died of cancer!
I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name! Let me tell you, time erases everything!
It's a pain in the ass but keeps us together.
It is my American name.
See how hard You make me angel. You know I love you.
I must say that I'm very impressed that you would buy this for me.
The only thing I have to come home to is a bottle of Listerine to wash the taste of come out of my mouth.
I was worried about how that would be.
You think she just woke up one morning and said,'I think I'll go to law school today!
It's my first class as a serious law student.
I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass.
T hat'
I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass.
The people at law s chool don't, Warner doesn't, I don't even think my parents take me seriously. They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star. Now, for the first time, it seemed like someone expected me to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a living. But I was kidding mys elf, Donovan didn't see me as a lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass. Just like everyone else. It turns out, I am a j oke. The hell with law school. I just came to say goodbye. If you let one stupid prick ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were.
There's nothing I love more than a dumb blonde with daddy's plastic.
I got out of the shower,'walked downstairs, saw her standing over my father, and called the police.
The coroner said he'd been dead thirty minutes dead when the cops arrived, giving Brooke plenty of time to stash it. There's no way Brooke could've done this - - exercise gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy, happy people don't kill their husbands!
Oh, my God!
I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderb ilt I told you, Elle.
She's, I'm his fiancee.
I feel confident using legal jargon in daily life.
Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
I have something now to share with you.a lively reel to warm your bones!
I requite to shadow's solace and dark of the night.
The wilful heart invites despair, Like blind men creeping in a dragon's lair. Neither country provebs nor king's command can keep me out of the woods today.
A faerie's heart beats fierce and free.
I s-s-simply adore m-m-milk-fed meat!
I just wan na play with your baby.
When I was a little girl, my mother would remind me each night before bed to be sure to open my heart to God, for he was kind, merciful and just. Things changed after my father left a few years later, leaving her to raise me and my brothers alone in a little place out on the edge of the Mojave Desert. She never talked about a kind and merciful God again. Instead she spoke of a prophecy. Of a time when all the world would be covered in darkness and the fate of Mankind would be decided. One night I finally got up the courage to ask my mother why God had changed, why was he mad at his children.'I don't know,'she said, tucking the covers around me,'I guess he just got tired of all the bullshit.
Who the fuck are you to be sweatin'me, man? I got my reasons for doin'what I do. When I was a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I'd go to sleep and he'd say to me, Percy, if you don't wake up tomorrow, if it turns out that today was your last day on earth, would you be proud of what you've done in this life? Cuz if you ain't, then you better start gettin'square. rolls between dirty fingers.
We are S o. was it good for you?
Red?
You came and got me out! Hug me!
We're gon na join all the rest of'em soon enough.
I swear it was back that way.
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
I try to moisturize regularly.
You just committed suicide, boy.
How many times I got to tell you?
It all has to come down before we can start again.
It's like foresight without a future.
It can be so slow that you don't even notice that your life is better or worse, until it is. Or it can just blow you away.
Are you wearing eye shadow?
I don't know.
I was hoping.you could.you know.
I locked the door!
Knock it down.
Goodnight.
There's not a doubt in my mind that through all my anger.my ego, I was faithful in my love for you. From seventh grade on. That I made you doubt it, that I withheld it.that's the greatest mistake of a life full of mistakes. But the truth doesn't set us free, Robin. I can say it as many times as you can stand to hear it. And all that does, the only thing, is remind us that love isn't enough.
Angels don't get any older, son.
Oh you wan na be a big man?
Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a pineapple up Hitler's ass at fouro'clock. This was a very difficult decision, because I have three wonderful sons.
Maybe it was the super devil juice Dad gave me.
And this is just a little taste of my power.
Look at me, Nicky! I got no legs, I got no hips, I got one ear.
Why is that funny?
Nicky, I let my butterflies die once upon a time and it's never stopped hurting.
I'm just a demon, Nicky. I don't got devil blood in me.
Come on, there's like ten million people in this city and the clock is ticking.
Oh my G-d.
Can I take him with me and have sex with his head?
I have an apartment.
I think that ball just blew up.
See you in Hell!
Drink or she dies.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream. No wonder I'm fucking exhausted.
The septic valve wasn't open.
I am panicking and I am off mate.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear. Never, never, not as long as I can remember has anybody been as rude to me as you have.
So, a reasonable return should be in the region of one hundred and twenty, for twenty-five grand invested.
He's a stroppy sod but he's got more balls than a golfer, only he doesn't know it.'Cut from completed film.
Look!
You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE An ordinary name and a fancy name.
I felt sad.
Oh, my.he died.
Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea.And then it stopped coming and they came instead.
The lines of demarcation has gotten fuzzy to run a sucessfull civilization you got to have lines of demarcation between right and wrong, between this one and that one your Daddy understood that. He was like the whatchacallit the referee for this damn menudo we got down here. He understood how most people don't want their sugar and salt in the same jar. You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job. Take that pair over in the corner Place like this, twenty years ago, Buddy woulda been, on them two warning.
Oh no oh Jesus oh my Lord Little greaser sonofabitch been running a goddarn bus service. Think he can make a fool out of Charley Wade! Get them wets outta the back, Hollis, see what we've got You killed him You got a talent for statin'the obvious, son Muchachos!
You folks who remember my father knew him as Sheriff.
I remember Charley Wade come to my father's hardware store once when I was a little boy. I'd heard stories how he shot this one, how he shot that one man winked at me and I peed in my pants. Winked at me.
People breed like chickens.
My tackle, the boat, all to catch a little old fish just minding its business on the bottom of the lake.
Got ta be careful where you're pokin'who knows what you'll find.
N/A
No telling yet if there's been a crime. But this country's seen a good number of disagreements over the years. We do the best we can here but hey, public education these days is a bit of a battleground.
All you do is work. All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of So that's it? You're not going to want to be with me anymore?
Ever watched a man die? If you watch very closely, you can sometimes see the soul escaping.
But if you hold on to me, very tight, you may live a little longer.
That would kill us! Kill us! It's no more than you deserve! Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
I am no tree.
An alliance once existed between Elves and men. Long ago we fought and died together.
I've only ever served you, my lord! Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast! Send me not from your side.
And we never say anything unless it is worth taking a looong time to say.
Careful now, or hobbits go down to join the dead ones and light little candles of their own.
Oh save us. My ol'Gaffer'd have a thing or two to say if he could see us now. Master says to show him the way into Mordor, so good Smagol does.
That would kill us! Kill us! It's no more than you deserve! Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
All rotten. Elves and men and orcses.
You see much omer, Son of omund.
Get your men out of there!
Thoden dies. You did not kill me, you will not kill him!
That would kill us! Kill us! It's no more than you deserve! Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
Yes!
Our scouts report Saruman has attacked Rohan.
Look! There's smoke to the south! There is always smoke rising from Isengard these days.
Let this be the hour when we draw swords together. Fell deeds awake. Now for wrath! Now for ruin!
Haleth, son ofH'ma, my lord. The men are saying that we will not live out the night.
Your words are poison! Youll find more cheer in a graveyard.
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
Tens of thousands.
Look for your friends. But do not trust to hope, it has forsaken these lands. We ride north! It's one of their wee belts. Hiro th ab'wanath.
He didnt mean for a lot of things to happen, Sam.
I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound.
I'm gon na kill him! You are the luckiest, the canniest and the most reckless man I ever knew! Bless you, laddie!
Filthy little hobbitses. They stole it from us.
That one counts as mine!
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
It's the trees.
When all the men are dead you will take your share of the treasure?
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him. We be nice to them if they be nice to us.
I am no tree.
And a little family of field mice that climb up sometimes and they tickle me awfully.
You want to know why your brother died? He tried to take the Ring from Frodo! After swearing an oath to protect him, he tried to kill him!
I don't wan na go, Mama!
I've only ever served you, my lord! Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast! Send me not from your side.
If we dont defend our country, Saruman will take it by force. That is a lie! Saruman the White has ever been our friend and ally.
Ill news is an ill guest.
He's got to destroy it.
Ill news is an ill guest.
No one's gon na save you now!
I am wasted on cross-country!
Look for your friends.
No one's gon na save you now!
If this is to be our end, then I would have them make such an end as to be worthy of remembrance.
That one counts as mine!
It makes no difference if I stop. Someone will take my place the next day.
Descending on heading zero two nine.
You can fight a lot of enemies and survive but if you fight your biology you always lose.
No, you don't fuck him The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise. The second rule is always ensure you have a foolproof way to get paid.
Often the most barbaric atrocities occur when both combatants proclaim themselves'freedom fighters'.
You can hitch a ride with me if you like. In my experience some of the most successful relationships are founded on lies and deceit. Since that's where they usually end up anyway, it's a logical place to start. I nearly went broke trying to convince her I was anything but. I knew Ava was not the kind of woman to be seduced by a ride in a private jet unless you owned the jet.
It's the world's most popular assault ritle - a weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forged steel and molded plastic.
There's no place in gunrunning for politics anymore, Simeon.
I was born Yuri Orlovitch in the city of Odessa in a country that no longer exists.
My God, he nearly cut off her head. When I get to America, I will not live in Brentwood. In the most AIDS infested region of the globe, where one in four is infected, Andre's idea of a joke was to put a young Iman and a young Naomi naked in my bed and no condom within a hundred miles.
There were some go- betweens - freelancers - but it was a mostly private club with a lifetime club president.
Why don't you take my oil and I'll fucking pay you?
I think that's what truly scares you. Most people are happy just to get out of jail. I expect to be paid to leave. I'm not a fool. I know that just because they need me one day doesn't mean they won't make me a scapegoat the next.
No, you don't fuck him The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise. The second rule is always ensure you have a foolproof way to get paid.
I don't think so.
Why don't we just skip dinner7'Fucker gets more pussy than a toilet seat. Take off my clothes.
That dog woke me.
Dick Laurent is dead. You don't mind that I'm not coming tonight?
Don't you trust me, Pete?
If ever we get out of this place, the thing for you to do is to take that job with Helen's father.
Oh, I'm going to get a great kick out of this.
Gentlemen, I give you a toast.
If they take us.
Now look, you keep this under your hat, because if those other monkeys hear about it, they'll declare themselves in.
Oh, ho - the food looks good!
Your woodworkers and your cloth-weavers - they all seem so very, very happy.
Well, well, some of us just don't know when to stay dead.
Vines twist into a carpet covering the metallic floor.
I never liked me, anyway. Kill them all.
Your pain has just begun.
Maybe we can figure out how they got here.
you do the math.
I mean, here we are stranded on an alien world and you boys want to get into a pissing contest.
My, nephews'high school and college graduations. A decade's worth of Sports Illustrated swimsuit editions. Noah, ten years in a lifetime.
They eat their wounded.
Last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
John, get the hell out of there. Heads and legs emerging, the disks reveal themselves to be armor plated spiders. The monsters find viscous holes in the outer hull and push through, vanishing into the probe ship.
Any effect on the ship?
Texas has become a giant urban sprawl spreading into Mexico and beyond. Immense industrial air purifiers hang in a dark, wet sky.
Don't move, Professor Robinson or this rather peculiar family reunion will be tragically brief.
Nothing good will come of this.
I just want you to know I love you son.
I can do what you never could.
I mean, here we are stranded on an alien world and you boys want to get into a pissing contest.
And the flavor of the day is.
Don't know if the exterior spots are working.- There we go. If this in all a dream, why can't there be more girls?
I don't know if you can be in love with one person the whole time.
I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is.
Could you do it slower, and with more intensity?
I know, I kind of blend in here.
Just your random bad cheese trying to hole you.
It's not fun for me anymore because you're missing.
Friends.
All's fair in love and basketball.
I'm Jason.
Why do you keep asking me that?
You always had the heart.
Well, that's news to me.
The man's got an operation.
Well, that's news to me.
So Fay Barringer was charged with the murder of her son and Sydney Barringer noted as an accomplice in his own death. and it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that this is not just'Something That Happened.'This can not be'One of those things.'This, please, can not be that. And for what I would like to say, I can't. This Was Not Just A Matter Of Chance. Ohhhh. These strange things happen all the time. In this big game that we play it is not what you find and it's not what you deserve - It's What You Take. I'm Frank T.J. Mackey, Master of the Muffin and author of the Seduce and Destroy System of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the techniques to have any hard-body blonde dripping to wet your dock!
I really do hath love to give, I juth don't know where to put it, .these security systems can be a real joke.
There are frogs falling from the sky.
I wanted you to know.and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good cop.and I'm looked down at.and I know that.and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me. Oh my god, Jim. Jim, that was so, I'm sorry, That was so great what you just said. I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago.and Claudia.whatever you wan na tell me, whatever you think might scare me,won't.and I will listen.I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want.and you know, you know.I won't judge you. I can do that sometimes, I know, but Iwon't.I can.listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you. You don't how fuckin'stupid I am.
I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people.
And the book says:'We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.'And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT. Donnie bursts in the bathroom and starts to vomit and moan, etc.
Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea I can't believe you're gon na do this to me, the situation I'm in, I don't, Avi: You know what?
Someone's so and so meet someone else's so and so and so on, And it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that these strange things happen all the time.
And the book says:'We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.
I love my job, and I love to go to the movies. I try to stay pyhsically fit, my job demands it, so I'm in pretty good shape. I'm gettin'up there, though: I'm 32 years old and I'm six feet two inches tall and I weigh about 160. I'm really interested in meeting someone special who likes quiet things.my life is very stressful and I'd hope to have a relationship that is very calm and undemanding and loving, If you would like to hear more personal descriptions from other men in your area, press two now, .so much violence.but that's the way of the world.good luck, as always.Serve and Protect and all that other blah-blah-blah on the side of the car it says This is not an easy job. I get a call from Shirley on the radio: Bad News. It's never good news. She tries to be cheerful, tries to say something nice, but uh-huh, it's just Bad News. And It Stinks. But this is my job. And I Love It. Because I want to do well. In this life and in this world I want to do well. And I want to help people. And I may get twenty bad calls a day. But one time I help someone, I Make A Save? I correct a wrong or right a situation; Then I'm a happy cop. And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good.
This happens.this is something that happens.
And She Dies. And I Live My Life. And I'm Not Fair. Thirty eight years and she has cancer and I'm gone.I leave.I walk out, I can't deal with that.who am I? Who the fuck do I think I am to go and do a thing? Shit on that and that lovely person. I'll go away.I'll go away.I can't hold this.you got ta take this fuckin'pen outta my hand.you fuckin'piss, cocksucker.atke this. I got it. and I don't even think I can.I got no punchline, we had good times later, the best times, the love of my life, I thirty eight years, but never the respect and the.she knew what I did.she knew. all the stupid things I've done but the LOVE was stronger than anything you can think up. The attachment.I loved her so much. And I didn't treat her and the goddamn regret.THE GODDAMN REGRET.and I'll die. Now I'll die and I'll tell you: what? The biggest regret of my life: I let my love go.
Would you object to never seeing me again?
And the book says:'We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.
And the book says:'We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.'And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT. Donnie bursts in the bathroom and starts to vomit and moan, etc.
He's in training, you know he's not a dentist yet, but he's real good at corrective oral surgery from what I understand. .alot of people think this is just a job that you go to.take a lunch hour, the jobs over, something like that. But.it's a 24 hour deal.no two ways about it.and what most people don't see: Just How Hard It Is To Do The Right Thing. People think if I make a judgment call that it's a judgment on them.but that's not what I do and that's not what should be done.I have to take everything and play it as it lays. Sometimes people need a little help. Sometimes people need to be forgiven and sometimes they need to go to jail. And that's a very tricky thing on my part.making that call.the law is the law and heck if I'm gon na break it.but you can forgive someone?
And if I don't see you again, Haywood, have a nice winter.
We'll have further details on the news at 11, but for now, get your tomahawks ready, Cleveland.
Guy looks like a fuckin'toilet brush.
No place at the inn for this guy.
The game is tied.
I was a dancer. Now, I know some of you have doubts about my ability to run this franchise.
The game is tied.
You think this was all an accident?
We're off to a good start, gentlemen.
Nice base running, dildo. Hard to get your thumb out of your ass with the gloves on.
'Moby Dick?
All right, Ricky, let's get nasty. All right, looks like the boy is pumped.
Is very bad to steal Jo-Buu's gin.
I play like Mays and run like Hayes.
Well, you may run like Mays, but you hit like shit. My stroke'll come back once I get warmed up.
I'm not much for inspirational addresses.
Put fear into those devils.
You name it, feller.
Everybody out.
Elijah Muhammad does not say'that white man is a devil.'He teaches us that the white man is the devil. All white men. Have you ever known a good white man in all your life?
Tell you this: you ain't no fool. Don't con me. Don't try.
Elijah Muhammad does not say'that white man is a devil.'He teaches us that the white man is the devil. All white men. Have you ever known a good white man in all your life?
First time a chick gets her cherry popped, she might put up a little fight.
If I hear you drop one more rhyme,I'ma hafta smoke myself.
'The name is B-Rad, Not Robbie Van Winkle. Go get my latte nonfat, And don't forget the sprinkle!'Yo, what up, fool?
You ain't got the bizalls, bitch!
I absolutely recognize that street violence is tearing Californians apart.
This ain't a picnic, bitch!
Oh, you dat weak fuck from de club.
I know.
And die in it!
I'd rather die covered in blood, than an old man, lying in my own piss.
I will let you retire in peace, to live out your days in the countryside! And I will give your friends a swift execution, if you surrender now.
You have the heart of a king.
You have my word. And you will release those men, for they serve France.
Common Jesuit priests try to act as my equals, and they refuse to reveal the names of anyone else in their order! No one can keep secrets like the Jesuits can, and the identity of their leader is the darkest secret they hold. Even the Pope himself does not know who leads the Jesuit Order in France! He suspects the Governor General of Jesuits, whoever he is, is angling to become Pope himself. How can I serve you in this? Perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the Jesuits is. You are now a priest, but you were once a Musketeer, serving the throne of France, a throne ordained of God.
All I noticed was that Phillippe feels even more like an animal.
I'm a genius, not an engineer!
I have lost my father. And you have lost your son. Let me love you like a son to a father. And I pray you live for this, to love me like your son. Ezekiel 25:17 Blessed is he who in the name of charity and good will shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. The family paid the ransom and he was returned two days later. His father still hasn't gotten up the nerve to ask him if they fucked him up the ass. And now every mother with money in Mexico City wants bigger and better bodyguards.
All my life, this is the death I have wanted. To die among you. One for all. and all for. All my life, all I ever wanted to be.
I am useless. Phillippe, he's very bright, he's perceptive, but he is in such turmoil You grow fond of him. That's good. Don't play God with me, Aramis I, Go on.
You're tougher than that.
I'm tough, Creasy.
Just like you, a big old bear.
Yeah.
You have my family.
What's wrong?
If you don't answer, fully and truthfully, you will suffer much more than you have to.
Everything happens once if you live long enough. Dear God.
One more dead.
You're not a stand-up.
Hey! Did you come down here to wrestle, or to act like an ass?
If you ever need representation.
Find something special.
You know, I'm not one of these guys who's going to look upon you as an object.
Jesus, here I am, sitting in the center of a lot of wealth, the escalation in crime couldn't be better, and I'm not turning a damn nickel on it.
I hope you haven't lost your touch with this stuff. Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys.
Ms. McClain, I'm Francis Dollarhyde.
At the top it says:'I hope we can correspond.
Maxwell never would. Not only do I look like Meir- schultz I AM Meirschultz. I will be a great man.
I figgered out that rats breed faster than cats cat skins make good fur The cats eat rats. Rats eat raw meat. That is, they eat the carcasses of the cats. So the cats eat the rats the rats eat the cats. And I get the skins simple ain't it? Cats eat rats But, rats eating cats that's news.
Tonight, my dear Maxwell, I am ready to try my experi- ment on a human.
This is the one here.
They even got the coroner working overtime.
I left a piece of skin in a movie theater once so it could watch movies all its life. I don't know if it's the same thing. Are you obsessed with Maisy?
This isn't a blanket thing.
My scrotum is longer than my penis. It's sweet how Claude looks up to me. Margot doesn't seem as crazy as you made her out to be.
When your mother moved to New York she used to send me books and records.
Sooner or later, we all lose our balls.
I ain't never gon na get married. You gon na get married. Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he got ta face some facts, and one fact I got ta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wan na get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wan na call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wan na go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug.
My mother don't like her. She's a dog, and I'm a fat, ugly little man. All I know is I hadda good time last night.
If this chest gets infected, I'll tell the Congressman who did it.
Morning, girls.
It was really nice of you to take me along.
The angels are not done with you yet.
ax walks up the street, brushing past HOMELESS PEOPLE and FASHIONISTAS jostling for the same space on the sidewalk.
Max rushes over to her, reaching out to touch her shoulder.
Give me one reason we can't do business.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
I wouldn't worry about it, Bill. These things have a way of working out. Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life.
Some German firm went kerplunkt, Tiffany's picked these things up, they're perfect party favors, however they're not personal, they're winter scene or something, snow-flakes and dachshunds.
Only flowers I wan'see's one's over my peaceful self restin'in the dutty. Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan'to stay, leave you stay, you wan'to go.
Nothing.
Got enough nice pictured, Easter.
You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days You never know.
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for. Drew's a good man. I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?
Got enough nice pictured, Easter.
You're not Death. You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants. The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.
See what happens. Reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
.We should think about getting started, Bill.
Hey, everything's going great, don'ty'think? .We know so little about each other.
Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try. Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
Why, if you tore one picket off of your neighbor's fence he'd sue you!
Walk slow, like you do when you come to pay your taxes.
I can see the heelots comin'.
Pleaseplease come with us, Mr. Doe!
You're the hope of the world!
If that guy lays an egg.
I'm superstitious.
I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
You called me.
Housekeeping.
I'm telling you now because I'll enjoy it more if I know that you could stop me if you weren't a freak.
Call it muscle memory, whatever, but it's a completely different part of the brain from the short-term memory.
You called me.
Probably burned truckloads of your stuff.
I'm not a killer. but right now I need to be.
I have to believe in the world outside my own mind. I have to believe that my actions still have meaning, even if I can't remember them.
You don't even know my name.
It's a lizard.
You could be a little kinder and gentler.
Gone, thank God.
You don't get it.
Practical joke by the Great Attractor.
Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam. You!
Look, I know we got rules, but she did just bust the Bug for us. And so maybe you don't have to flashy thing her.
You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers!
Oh no, I can't do this job by myself.
Me, I woulda thrown'em back.
Damn, my eyes are tired from reading that movie.
I brought it in the same time.
Get lost.
Well, I ain't af'real cowboy, but I'm one hell of a stud! A very expensive stud. And I happen to be his manager. It's too much, to come face to face with a walking talking sex fantasy, to buy a man's, God!
If you want the word on that brother and sister act, I'll give you the word. That Hansel's a fag and Gretel's got the hots for herself.
It ain't the product and it ain't the price, no sir, and it ain't what you sell, it's personality, pure and simple. I ain't shined my own shoes or shaved my own face in forty years, how's that?
You're a nice person, Joe, I should never have asked you up, a lovely person.
Couldn't write his own name. X, that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat.
Hey, looka here, that ain't nice, picking on a cripple.
I have problems with my stomach and my leg muscles feel very weak. My gums seem to be shrinking and they sometimes bleed when I massage them.
You know my lawyers told me'be cool Billy don't get upset, don't get angry, if you're good I can maybe get a pardon, an amnesty, an appeal, this that and the other thing.'Well that's been going down now for 35 years. And I've been playing it cool and I've been good and now I'm damn tired of being good cause you people gave me the belief that I had 53 days left. You hung 53 days in front of my eyes and then you took those 53 days away, and Mister Prosecutor! I just wish you could. stand right here where I'm standing and feel what that. feels like, cause then you'd know something you don't know you'd know what means, Mister Prosecutor and you'd know the concept of a society is based on the quality of its mercy means, of its sense of fair play, its sense of justice. but I guess that's just like asking a bear to shit in a toilet. For a nation of pigs, it's funny you don't eat them. Fuck it, give me the sentence.
These brats are ruining EVERYTHING!
I hope those Rangers put that lousy lowlife out of his misery!
Polly wan na cracker?
So Zordon is still using a bunch of rug-rats to do his dirty work. And speaking of rats. From this moment forth, the world as you know it SHALL CEASE TO He's gone.
Remind me to have a word with Alpha about his teleporting calculations.
I'm going to use the young minds of Angel Grove.
I'm gon na fire that slimeball so fast his not gon na know what hit him!
Ivan almost overthrew the planet once. and now I'm afraid he has the strength to see his scheme through.
Welcome to Wiener World.
You're going to meet the most extraordinary men, the sexiest, brightest, funniest men, and you're going to fall in love with so many of them, and you won't know until the end of your life who your greatest friends were or your greatest love was.
I fully realize that a person who stands for what I stand for - an activist, a gay activist - becomes the target or potential target for a person who is insecure, terrified, afraid or very disturbed themselves.
We got ta give em'HOPE! PAN FACES OF TEAMSTERS - Several MINORITY FACES.
Scottie?
If you run for Supervisor with this new district, it's a potential landslide.
She's a woman. A woman who likes women.
Milk, we don't allow people who believe in practicing bestiality to teach our children, and the reason we don't is because it is illegal. But it's not illegal to be a homosexual in California. And your law goes even further. Any school employee who even supports a gay person will be fired True. But, gay people don't have children of their own. If they don't recruit our children, they'd all die away. That's why they want to be teachers, to encourage our children to join them. How do you teach homosexuality? Like French? I was born of heterosexual parents, I was taught by heterosexual teachers in a fiercely heterosexual society. So then why am I homosexual? And no offense meant, but if it were true that children mimicked their teachers, you'd sure have a helluva lot more nuns running around. The audience eats it up. It feel like'The Harvey Milk Show.'If they're going to lead such an open life of homosexuality that they want a 21-gun salute every time somebody goes by them, those people are going to be in danger of being removed their job. We were really genuinely frightened by Proposition Six, and with the backlash gaining strength, we were very pessimistic.
If you can't control em', we will.
I know you can not live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living.
He starts a marching chant.
If I was speaking to a slightly hostile or mostly straight audience, I'd try to break the tension with a joke. I know, I know, I'm not what you were expecting, but I left my high heels at home. Harvey gets a LAUGH from the AUDIENCE.
She's a woman. A woman who likes women.
Rick Stokes isn't pulling out.
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
I spoke to his doctors today and they say, with medication and therapy, Marvin should be able to attend Harvard this fall. While I may not have excelled in the classroom, I think my recent experiences in that bigger schoolhouse we call'life', have taught me a few lessons that I'd like to share with my fellow graduates. Follow your heart and don't question it, now matter where it tells you to go. Trust me, it'll open up a world of new experiences you can't even imagine. But as you listen to it, don't forget your family, your parents. Don't forget they're people too, and while we may not always agree with them, remember to love them when they need love. And I mean really love them, don't just pay them lip service. Really do it.Whenever you can.
There's only the disc.
You know, I live in Brooklyn near a Jewish neighborhood, and when someone dies, they cover all the mirrors in their house. Some say that it's just to renounce all vanity during the mourning period, but others say something else. They say it's to keep the soul of the dead from being trapped in the mirrors. Believe it or not, there's always a bit of truth in any superstition.
He wants to know who you've been having an affair with.
They're dead.
There was never any physical evidence that I had anything to do with that.
Ethan?
The first system is sound-sensitive, anything above a whisper sets it off.
Well my Mother was a little confused about how the DEA could mistake her and Uncle Donald for a couple of dope smugglers in the Florida keys.
We needed three more seconds.
For security reasons, the NOC list is divided into two encoded halves.
Information.
Try any sleight-of-hand with my money and Ill cut your throat.
Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
Like monkeys, they are. Won't let go of one branch til they've got a grip on the next.get it, Nyah.
The field of fire is too heavy.
It's the transponder.
Like monkeys, they are. Won't let go of one branch til they've got a grip on the next.get it, Nyah.
Why did you do it?
Optimal growing conditions for the virus. Ends in a glass floor which doubles as part of the lab's ceiling.
No deposits, no withdrawals.
A lot better than the way that bitch is going to die.
Ethan, I keep telling you there's not a chance of locating Nyah til I access the satellite and there's not a chance of doing that til I get this thing booted up and running!
Oh my God.
Earth.
Well you'll have to come through me! God, she would've loved to see you two clowns. Just one more time.
You top bananas better watch your ass!
You top bananas better watch your ass!
Er.
If you will not show us the Grail we shall storm your castle. You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K.kaniggets.
You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K.kaniggets.
I have to push the pram a lot.
Well, this is a temperate zone. The swallow may fly south with the sun, or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot lands in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.
I'd rather.
I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
That is why I am your king!
I am in the tall tower of Swamp Castle.
If you will not show us the Grail we shall storm your castle. You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K.kaniggets.
That is why I am your king!
We are the keepers of the sacred words.
I hope life is everything you remember it to be.
Is there someone in the room with us?
Is there someone in the room with us?
I'm the original!
It was the year before I came in here. She gave me a second chance.
I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't.
The woman wanted to be cheap, but the man saw that I was right. You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
You drank too much and now you sleep too hard, and later you'll be up when you should be down.
Here.
It's wrong to just let them go.
This is the most tormented man I have ever known. I am in love with this man. He doesn't know that. I never told him cause he can never love anybody since he lost his hand and his girl.
Because my mother was dying! But now she's not. You're forty-two years old, Johnny, and Mama is still running your life. And you are a son who doesn't love his mother! And you're a big liar!
I'm Rita Cappomaggi. I'm Raymond Cappomaggi.
Absolutely!
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head! I am looking where I should to become a bride!
It would be so much more kind than coming here and inviting him to a wedding like he'll never have.
Not like they told you love is and I didn't know this either. But love don't make things nice, it ruins everything, it breaks your heart, it makes things a mess. We're not here to make things perfect. Snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. We are here to ruin ourselves and break our hearts and love the wrong people and die! The storybooks are bullshit. Come upstairs with me, baby! Don't try to live your life out to somebody else's idea of sweet happiness. Don't try to live on milk and cookies when what you want is meat! Red meat just like me! It's wolves run with wolves and nothing else! You're a wolf just like me!
Good night, Bill.
If you ain't eatin'Wham, you ain't eatin'ham!
All I've got on my mind is a house with an eighteen thousand dollar mortgage, and bills, and extras, and antiques, and, and, I don't know.
Well, he didn't say in so many words that ever since you started with that house you haven't turned in a decent piece of copy, but, But you kind of got the feeling.
Every time you get a little tight you weep on my shoulder about the advertising business and how it forces a sensitive soul like yourself to make a living by bamboozling the American public.
Well, no offense, Mr. Blandings, but my boy friend says that anybody who builds a house today is crazy. You stick with that boy, he's got a great future.
Miss Stellwagon says that advertising makes people who can't afford it buy things they don't want with money they haven't got. Perhaps your Miss Stellwagon is right. Perhaps I ought to get out of this'basically parasitic profession,'which at the moment is paying for her very fancy tuition, those extra French lessons, her progressive summer camp and for that matter, the very braces on your teeth!
If you don't show up, I will presume you've gone to the police and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, someone will find you wherever you are and kill you.
Hi, what can I do for you?
But there is an answer I would like to have.
The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert.
Someone you did business with, someone we killed? Not someone we killed.
You always want to invest in things people can't do without.
Anyone who is good at what they do, wants recognition. But since I'm not going to do it anymore, I'll let Mr. Smith take the credit.
I was the one who paid for everything while we were married, and now I'm being asked to give him a bonus for spending time with me when I've already paid for it in the first place. Tracy, this is not a lot of money for you, and you know how upset I was when Meeks said that he was going to escape and he would come back and kill you. We're quite willing to find out what a court would think that mental anguish is worth.
I do it because I'm addicted to it. And before you entered my life I had vowed I would never kill again. So this is your party, you can chose anyone you want and we'll do it together. Can it be someone I know? You never kill someone you know. That's the easiest way to get caught.
How would you like yours?
Oh, my lunch hour.
Back home we never get a chance to meet famous people.
Mabel, that guy's either the dumbest, the stupidest, the most imbecilic idiot in the world - or he's the grandest thing alive.
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her.
I am not a fool. I know there are those in the establishment too afraid to attack me and so they attack my dearest friends. Sometimes, I feel that Brown is all I have left of Albert. And now they attack Brown too.
You miss your people.
As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur.. no Prime Minister made greater sacrifice than attempting to run the country six hundred miles north of civilization.
Maybe you don't want people knowing, and believe me, it's safe with me, but on the scale of dirty little secrets, I'd give it, say.
We haven't had a man around here for so long.
I want to live in the world these people are in. No one ever says anything in there, have you noticed? So they're very cool. Like they're all really deep. It's when people start talking that everything goes to shit.
Man, she could be cool, but all she does is get wrecked and do all the guys. She's blowin'them in the parking lot. A person's got to hate themselves to act like that. Have you ever met a bigger shithead than my stepfather?
So, is this like a Japanese restaurant?
It makes tiny little tears in our fabric.
Oh, she doesn't know about it yet. Right now, of the two of us, I'm the only one in love.
You know how people who are just assholes will sometimes look at a woman who's got problems and say,'What she needs is a good shtupping!'?
She thinks my brother's all right, but she didn't expect much. It's what happens when you'marry beneath yourself'.
These days my idea of a hot date is a long shower by myself before bed. Now that feels good. And you don't have to do all that.
I wish I could live in the shower. I'd take five a day if I had the time.
If I try to fight this, with no salary coming in, I could lose the house, screw up your college plans. It would be a lot safer to just go out tomorrow and get a job in a private school.
Jesus, we're trapped! Ju.
Tell him you've loved him for nine years, but you were afraid to realize it.
He was in love with me every day for nine years.
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode. I hear that Vada, Flesh all a Mush or Rocky Road, it's about desire. Vada that's. It's very sweet, and it rhymes and that's also good but, you're not expressing to me what's in your soul. I want you to show me how you see the world, your fears, your desires, your innermost secrets. My fears and secrets. I'm afraid I killed my mother.
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode. I hear that Vada, Flesh all a Mush or Rocky Road, it's about desire. Vada that's. It's very sweet, and it rhymes and that's also good but, you're not expressing to me what's in your soul. I want you to show me how you see the world, your fears, your desires, your innermost secrets. My fears and secrets.
Do you wan na do it?
They can amaze us like a thunderstorm, or die so young, or live for years alone.
He was gon na be an acrobat.
Vada, if bullshit wore a bra, you'd be topic.
Hi Vada. Things are a little better these days; I finally swallowed that chicken bone, Judy and I are gon na be in the same home room and the republican party just re-nominated Mr. Nixon.
Life is full of barbaric customs, I just hope they all end with a kiss like that.
No, no, no, I gave it up ten years ago.actually it gave me up. My mother took this course with you at UCLA. & quot; The Foundations of Poetic Thought & quot;.
Well maybe you should join a hippie commune. But let me tell you something. Sooner or later it's gon na be your turn to take out the garbage.
Vada, if bullshit wore a bra, you'd be topic.
And no boys, promise me, oh those LA people are all so corrupt you'll end up pregnant and on drugs.and don't come running to me when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on your toe having been beaten up into an unrecognizable pulp by some surfer.and DON'T make eye contact, it communicates an implied vulnerability. What does that mean? It means.I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit.
I want her alive.
Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
The police are the proper people to conduct this affair. Now if you've got any suspicions I'll drive you to the nearest police station. What! And let every rag in town grab a red-hot story?
He wasn't like anything human.
So, during our journey, if any wild hairs spring up on your ass, you'd better slap a muzzle on'em! Fuck with me, bitch, even a little bit, you're gon na get accidentally shot! Comprehende? She broke my fucking nose!
I think it works beautifully.
Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species.
The cutest guy in school asked me to senior prom - but it turned out he invited me as a cruel joke.
I know.
Tracy starts to giggle.
Look, there goes another Lemming. WE ANGLE ON the escalator as Josie and the Girls rise single file out of- FRAME. Josie sits with her new friends, emulating them by sunning in a bikini top and shorts while they watch the game.
God wouldn't take me.
I hope you understand, my concerns are simply for the welfare of your son.
Swear to God.
The Newsies crack up, Snyder wheels around suspiciously.
But I'm not running a union hall here, this is a theater, a temple of art.
The CHEERING from the theater, blocks away, is FAINT in the night air.
All the money Pulitzer makes, why would he gouge us?
Inna back, ya ugly little shrimp! Five to one, I say Cowboy skunks'em, who's bettin', who's bettin'You shouldn't be callin'people ugly little shrimps.
The Newsies line up outside the gate, singing: Suddenly the music becomes a quiet pulse as the DELANCEY BROTHERS, OSCAR and MORRIS, two muscle-bound goons, push with deliberate aggression past Jack and the boys. Tension, silence, then Dear me. What is dat unpleasant aroma? I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
Tell Pulitzer he needs an appointment with me! So this snooty mug is sayin','You cawn't see Mr. Pulitzer, no one sees Mr. Pulitzer', real hoity-toity, you know the type, Real hoity-toity, So I says,'
This one first.
Hey, how you get out of here.
I know Willie don'tlet'cha smoke in the house, but I'm ya uncle.
Keep your eyes peeled.
So he never gave any indication.
Death everywhere and you and me in the middle. Catch! Even the dead can die!
Help me!
Do you understand?
You have made me proud tonight, Raizo.
Your life is meaningless compared to the survival of the Clan. This is our deepest truth. Because of it, we have endured for hundreds of years, and will endure for hundreds more. GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 86. Weakness compels strength. Betrayal begets blood. This is the way of the Nine Clans. This is the way of the Ninja. I have waited many years for this moment. I have dreamed it, many times. You will suffer for seven days, one day for each year you defied me.
I've investigated, world bank officials, drug cartels, arms dealers, and I've never faced this kind of heat. For ninjas. Fucking unbelievable!
If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
look at me.
The day will come when you will be free.
You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life.
If we had known we would have greeted you with flowers. Don't make an issue of my womanhood.
There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
Everyone wants to confess and if they don't confess they make them confess.
You don't have to worry.
Well, I've saved up two eggs and each of my friends is bringing his own so we'll manage. It just goes to prove the theory of our State. If you stand alone it means a boiled egg but if you're true to the collective spirit and stick together you've got an omelet. That reminds me.
I see.
I can't say it.
How the hell do you have the temerity to blackmail the President of the United States?
Yeah, but Roselli wasn't just any gangster.
The sonofabitch is not gon na steal from me again!
Gray also said that Dean lied when he claimed Howard Hunt did not have an office in the White House.. this is just the sort of thing Mafia people can do, washing money, and things like that. We just don't know about these things because we're not criminals.
I'm not giving'em my tapes!
Do you think I want the whole goddamn world to see my mother like this? Raising a dirty mouth!
I've only managed to change a few things around the city of Beijing. I want to know your secret. Secret, Mr. Chairman? How a fat man gets so many girls.
People are cynical, the press, God, the press, is out of control, people spit on soldiers, government secrets mean nothing.
I had two brothers die young. But let me tell you, there are worse things than death.
John, sooner or later, sooner, I think, you are going to learn the lesson that has been learned by everyone who has ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Look at the landscape of his life and you'll see a boneyard.. And he's already digging your grave, John.
In a surprise Christmas bombing of Hanoi, President Nixon delivered more tonnage than was used at Dresden in World War II. It is, without a doubt, the most brutal bombing in American history. This Christmas bombing has shaken up the Paris peace talks and created a huge amount of criticism across the globe. Newspapers are calling it a'Stone Age tactic,'and Nixon a'maddened tyrant'. Nixon's only response:'When the Vietnamese take the peace talks seriously, I'll stop.
Do you think I would do something like that, honey?
He's completely lost touch with reality.
It is the second biggest landslide in American history, but. the Democrats have increased their majority in the House and the Senate. As the new term begins, there is mounting evidence of strong hostility to President Nixon's mandate for a'New American Revolution.'However, it does not seem that the Watergate investigations have, up to now, damaged Nixon politically in any significant way. You know, they all miss the point. Probably our biggest achievement as an administration, when it's all said and done, isn't China or Russia.
The whole suit of armor'd fall off.
I never made a dime from public office! I'm honest. My dad died broke.
I'm concerned these students are being funded by foreign interests, whether they know it or not. The FBI is worthless in this area.
If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.
Your boy's on his way up.
The world needs you, Henry; you always saw the big picture. You were my equal in many ways. You're the only friend I've got, Henry. You have many friends.
I've decided to make you a special project of mine.
I reckon I'd go out the way I came in.
Am I.
.I always thought when I got older God would sort of come into my life in some way.
Hell mister, I don't mind helpin'somebody out.
It's just goddamned beyond everything.
These are some ripe petunias.
I don't know but I kindly doubt it. Hell's bells, they even shot the dog. .Well this is just a deal gone wrong.
And this went on until, and here I quote..'Neighbors were alerted when a man ran from the premises wearing only a dog collar.'You can't make up such a thing as that. I dare you to even try.
You can see it when you get in.
Use a air gun. Shoots out a rod, about this far into the brain.
Would you like something to nibble, apricots, soaked in honey, quite why, no one knows, because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless, there we go, yours if you want them.
That'll be Bernie.
Well, isn't this perhaps a good opportunity to.
I believe she's holding a press conference at The Savoy before flying to America.
there are things to say.
Oh God this is one of those key moments in life, when it's possible you can be really, genuinely cool, and I'm going to fail a hundred percent. I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends.
Hi.
I mean, I'll tell myself sometimes but.
She's someone I just can't, someone who. self-evidently can't be mine, and it's as if I've taken love-heroin, and now I can't even have it again.
Just take my work for it.
The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life, no one knows why some things work out, and some things don't, why some of us get lucky, and some of us..
Have you seen my glasses?
I'm Salvatore.
Come on.That's right.relax.Don't be scared. Is it true that if I bleed I've got to squeeze lemon juice on it?
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
You got ta do that much.
I need to get my goddamn head examined. You can't rule something out on a whim. Or because she's cute.
Even among culluds. Or mulattos, maybe - I suspect some miscegenation in their heritage.
And don't try nothin'fancy - your sitchy-ation is purt nigh hopeless.
N/A
Listen to me, Tommy, I got a plan - The color guard is colored!
Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
Don't you boys know these things give ya warts?
Or, if not smithies per se, were you otherwise trained in the metallurgic arts before straitened circumstances forced you into a life of aimless wanderin'?
Hey mister!
Pete.
Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
Takin'off with us is got a lot more future in it than marrying a guy named Waldrip. I'm goddamn bona fide.
Well, that's the last number for tonight's'Pass the Biscuits PappyO'Daniel Flour Hour.'This is PappyO'Daniel, hopin'you folks been enjoyin'that good old-timey music, and remember, when you're fixin'to fry up some flapjacks or bake a mess a biscuits, use cool clear water and good pure PappyO'Daniel flour for that'Pass the Biscuits, Pappy'flavor.
The trade is not a complicated one; there're but two things to learn. One bein'where to find your wholesaler - word of God in bulk as it were.
Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
We ain't one-at-a-timin'here, we mass communicatin'!
Well, funny you should ask-I was bad, till yesterday, butme'n Pete here been saved.
The only good thing you ever did for the gals was get his by that train!
Shake a leg, Junior! Thank God your mama died givin'birth-if she'd a seen ya she'd a died of shame.
From intrusions, inclusions and dilutions!
I do miss her cookin'
Your two friends have abandoned you, Pete.
Well, at least you boys'll get to see the old manse - the home where I spent so many happy days in the bosom of my family - a refugium, if you will - with a mighty oak tree out front and a happy little tire swing.
All you boys! Miscegenated! Get me a mike-a-phone! These boys is not white! These boys is not white! Hell, they ain't evenol'-timey! I happen to know,ladies'n gentlemen, this band a miscreants here, this very evening, they interfered with a lynch mob inna performance of its duties! It's true! Ib'long to a certain society, I don't believe I got ta mention its name, heh-heh. Ahem. And these boys here trampled all over our venerated observances an'rich'ls! Now this-here music is over!
Watch your language, young fellow, this is a public market. Now, if you want Dapper Dan I can order it for you, have it in a couple of weeks.
The only good thing you ever did for the gals was get his by that train!
Sweet Jesus!
What would Joe and Ben and the others think?
You boys have a nice trip?
No.
No.
You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
You've broken into my vault. Congratulations: you're a dead man. Maybe. May I ask: how do you expect to leave here, hmm?
Ladies and gentlemen! Someone called for a doctor?
He came, he grabbed, he got conquered. BULLETS rip the man to shreds and he collapses on Caesar's steps a bloody pulp.
Trick or treat.
You're thirty seconds late. I was about to send out a search party. Danny.
If animals were capable of flattery, the World Bank would be open until 8pm. When I was four years old, I saw my mother kill a spider with a tea cozy.
Yeah, well, you guys can both eat my ass, ok? My girlfriend slept with Lumbergh, that's what I can't believe.
Uh we have sort of a problem here.
You see, the trick is, kick someone's ass the first day or become someone's bitch.
I may never be happy with my job. But if I could be with you, I think that I could be happy with my life.
Michael!
Yeah, I mean, sometimes.
You said the thing was gon na take two years!
I'm talking about America!
I'm going to have to go ahead and sort of disagree with you there.
Lumbergh fucked her.Lumbergh fucked her.Lumbergh fucked her. Oh that's greatgreat I'm gon na see the O-face again.
If we're caught while laundering money, we're not going to go to white-collar-resort-prison.
All right, Bill.
So it means that every single day you see me, that's on the worse day of my life.
If you think the bare minimum is enough, then ok.
I remember you were in trouble all the time.
Our Lord said just the opposite.
You know how he is.
I gave Kayo my word that if he stood up to the mob I'd stand up with him all the way. Now Kayo Nolan is dead. He was one of those fellows who had the gift of getting up. But this time they fixed him good unless it was an accident like Big Mac says. Some people think the Crucifixion only took place on Calvary. They better wise up. Taking Joey Doyle's life to stop him from testifying is a crucifixion Dropping a sling on Kayo Nolan because he was ready to spill his guts tomorrow that's a crucifixion. Every time the mob puts the crusher on a good man tries to stop him from doing his duty as a citizen it's a crucifixion. And anybody who sits around and lets it happen, keeps silent about something he knows has happened shares the guilt of it just as much as the Roman soldier who pierced the flesh of Our Lord to see if He was dead.
Fight him tomorrow in the courtroom with the truth as you know it Truth is the gun Drop that thing and tell the truth a more dangerous weapon than this little cap pistol.
It's making love of a buck the cushy job more important than the love of man. It's forgetting that every fellow down here is your brother in Christ.
They checked my plugs and cleaned my points.
Yeah.
Me too! Me too!
I love you too.
Mother do you know Be quiet.
This could be the best year ever.
That's it.
To love the cat, is to be the cat! A pussycat is born to be whipped.
To love the cat, is to be the cat! A pussycat is born to be whipped.
Kate slips inside, closes the door; and starts toward Max's bed.- Suddenly, a desk light comes on.
I picked this flower just for youl It's Kate's memorial orchid. Kate gasps. John is horrified. Kate reaches for the flower.
You're doing the right thing.
Baby, you with the bad boys now.
Beat it, will you?
Now that's a really big house.
Or my dick. You stick anything in this guy, Snoop, they transfer his ass outta herefaster'n you can throw a fight, and you still end up with nothing.
I'm too old to start acting crazy, try a stunt like that. You make it out, send me a postcard.
I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes,'Oh, I had you all wrong'?
I know you're not dumb, so why would I think that?
You're here with me, you're already on the hook for one. Buy one, you get the rest for the same price.
Look, don't be stupid.
Fuck!
And with kids like he's got, no wonder he wanted a place to hide.
Tell the court Mr. Seale are you proud to be the co-founder of the Panthers, an anti-white movement. The Black Panther Party is not anti- white, you can not fight racism with racism. Gentlemen, please approach the bench. My clients broke no law. It was an accident, a wrong turn.
I been kicking his narrow ass since high school.
I'd just like to say that if there are many more back home like you, God help anyone who goes to war with America. Please be seated, gentlemen. Churchill and Stalin are asking me what I'm asking you: How long is America going to pretend the world is not at war?
If we achieve surprise, they will offer little resistance.
Welcome to the war.
You get your nurse alone, you look her in the eye, and say,'Baby, they're training me for war, and I don't know what'll happen. But if I die tomorrow, I wan na know that we lived all we could tonight.
I admire your decision.
There is one place I can go to find warmth, and that is to think of you. A woman beautiful as you shouldn't be sitting alone. Buy you a drink?
Look at the man beside you. It's a good bet that six weeks from now, either you or he will be dead.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize:'Lushu hoo megwa fugi.'It means'I am an American.'In Chinese.
I'd never know. You'd know at once - Take me to your cinema.
I always - lose.
Mark.
It's a clever picture - because you're a clever lad.
It's fear.
Well look who's here!
I mean what a heartbreak!
Hi.
Only if we get stopped, next time I'll be the one hitchin'and you can give me a ride.
I have to.
Sometimes dead is better.
Be dead.
I'll tell you where the ground is sour the ground in my heart is sour. Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby: Wrong is wrong.
Drew, I know your dog died, but.
God I hate when that happens.
You take off in the middle of the night, you don't show up for school.
I've never had anyone die before.
I've been married six months and I've never had an affair, It can happen Don't take it so bloody well.
now the public knows that your son has AIDS and he's gay. How does that make you feel?''This is a world full of war, famine, poverty, homelessness. and people make a fuss because two men or two women want to live together, or make love.
Hey, Miguel, can you imagine any two people being together for forty years?
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news:'whoops! We were wrong.'You can carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid.
Any back pain since the accident?
Knowing isn't going to make him alive again. So who gives a fuck!
Be a man, Stuart.
I'm dying to hear this! What the fuck can you do about it, up in your fucking high window with your goddam binoculars? I never indicated I had binoculars.
The answer is there.
Listen to me. The Ancient Japanese considered the Go board to be a microcosm of the universe. Although when it is empty it appears to be simple and ordered, in fact, the possibilities of game play are endless. They say that no two Go games have ever been alike. Just like snowflakes. So, the Go board actually represents an extremely complex and chaotic universe. That is the truth of our world, Max. It can't be easily summed up with math. There is no simple pattern. But as a Go game progresses, the possibilities become smaller and smaller.
If we're built from spirals, while living within a giant spiral, is it possible that all of human behavior, if it could be quantified, is in the form of a spiral.
There you go, dork.
I'll take you out of the game.
I'm searching for perfection.
A damn Ming Mecca chip.
I don't know.
Just answer me!
You know Hebrew is all numbers. It's all math.
Listen to your wife, she will give you perspective. Meaning, you need a break, Max, you have to take a bath, otherwise you'll get nowhere. There will be no order, only chaos. Go home and take a bath.
Dude, me and that Dale guy are rescuing you. And getting revenge on those whose shot us in the gut.
I'm sitting across from Ted's smoking a massive joint of that weed you sold me- Oh, the Pineapple Express. It's so rare it's almost a shame to smoke it, like killing a unicorn.with, like, a bomb. When I threw it.out.the window.
I always liked smoking weed in the forest.
Just cut it- Holy shit, man!
We may or may not be followed because we don't even know if he found the roach or not. And, we could just be completely crazy.
I row over, search the ship until I find your bloody key. And if there are crewmen? I cut down anyone in my path.
Do you fear death? Do you fear that dark abyss? All your deeds laid bare. All your sins punished.
Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil.
I know Will came to find you.
I know Will came to find you.
The captain seems to be actin'a bit strange.
Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil.
I challenge Davy Jones.
But - seeing as you're a good man I know you will never put me in a position that would compromise my honor.
Get me there first, or there'll be the devil to pay.
Can you condemn an innocent man - a friend-uh - to a lifetime of servitude, in your name while you roam free?
Well we ain't original Scandinavians, are we?
Heave like you're being paid for it!
: Wa-say kohn.
ten years.
Secure the mast tackle, Mister Turner!
She's only a ship, mate.
The Dutchman needs a living heart, or there'll be no captain. And if there's no captain, there's no one to have the key. So the captain has the key.
Because you and I are alike, and there will come a moment when you have a chance to show it.
Lift it like a lady's skirt!
Sure as the tide, Jack Sparrow.
We're not getting out of this.
Enough! Unfortunately, Mister Turner.
That's a tree.
Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil.
Oh!
And when you do, you'll discover something: that you're a good man. All evidence to the contrary.
Free the rudder!
Don't?
My soul.
Since we're not immortal no more.
All you people are so scared of me, an'most days, I'd take that as a compliment, but it ain't me you got ta worry about now. Show me your eyes.
Jesus, how many can there. Just a suggestion, but perhaps we should flee.
I saw the cut-marks on the bones.
I don't truly know what's gon na happen when the lights go out, Carolyn, but I do know that once the dyin'starts, this little psycho family of ours is gon na rip itself apart.
Don't touch it! Don't touch that switch! You'll kill him, I'm tellin'you, shit, just leave it alone.delirious.doncha you got some drugs for this poor man.
One chance and you blew it, Riddick. Never cease to disappoint me.
Oh, no.
Bad sign.
That the big plan?
Someone just got slashed from behind, slashed bad.
And that's exactly what we're gon na do.
I'm coming to that. The Schuylers admit the story is true.
No - most ordinary guy in the world, me. Only one thing wrong with me You don't wear garters! Naw, that's just a symbol of my independence. I'm color blind. That's what's wrong - I'm color blind. I've been sitting here for a half hour looking at you and I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet.
You'd better get a shave and a shine, because you, you're going to have a tough time getting in there as it is.
I've met some rotters in my time, but without a doubt, you're the lowest excuse for a man I've ever had the misfortune to meet Well, if you feel that way about it, here's a nickel for the phone call.?
Listen - you'll never be anything but just the reporter that married the Schuyler's millions. Stew Smith is dead and buried.
We get up at 5 a.m. hump all day, camp around 4 or 5 p.m. dig foxhole, eat, then put out an all-night ambush or a 3-man listening post in the jungle. It's scary cause nobody tells me how to do anything cause I'm new and nobody cares about the new guys, they don't even want to know your name. The unwritten rule is a new guy's life isn't worth as much cause he hasn't put his time in yet - and they say if you're gon na get killed in the Nam it's better to get it in the first few weeks, the logic being: you don't suffer that much.
You was always writing something home. Looks like youse half a bubble off, Taylor.
Let de white boy carry his ass, he this dude that got him fucked up. Who'd be hauling his ass if that was a brother laying there?
- What the fuck coordinates you giving! You killed a bunch of people with that fucked up fire mission!
You pussies got ta smoke this shit so's you can hide from reality?. Me I don't need that shit. I AM reality. There's the way it oughta be and there's the way it is.'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down.
Like fuckin'target practice man, fuck you Charlie! Ho Chi Minh sucks dead dick!
Bad vibes, man, I got bad vibes here.
You fuck up in a firefight and I guaran-goddamn-tee you, a trip out of the bush - IN A BODYBAG. Out here, assholes, you keep your shit wired tight at ALL times. and that goes for you, shit for brains. You don't SLEEP ON NO FUCKIN'AMBUSH. Next sonofabitch I catch coppin'z's in the bush I'm personally gon na take an interest in seeing him suffer - I SHIT YOU NOT.
I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy, we fought ourselves - and the enemy was in us. The war is over for me now, but it will always be there - the rest of my days. As I am sure Elias will be - fighting with Barnes for what Rhah called possession of my soul. There are times since I have felt like the child born of those two fathers. but be that as it may, those of us who did make it have an obligation to build again, to teach to others what we know and to try with what's left of our lives to find a goodness and meaning to this life.
Hey pig, pig - come here, pig, pig.
You pussies got ta smoke this shit so's you can hide from reality?. Me I don't need that shit. I AM reality. There's the way it oughta be and there's the way it is.'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down.
I love this place at night.
I was not.
Why don't you put together kind of an'Un-Pleasant'Activities Committee.
They don't notice that kind of thing.
You're like the coolest brother in the world.
Take care now.
Listen Howard it's almost six-thirty.
Like when Margaret Henderson makes her cookies for Whitey. Those aren't your cookies Bud.
Listen Howard it's almost six-thirty.
I could like kill a guy with these things. It's in your closet.
Oh.
You did good today.
You may have been top two percent of your class at Quantico but you have exactly zero hours in the field here. You know nothing. You know less than nothing. If you even knew that you knew nothing, at least that would be something, but you don't.
If you project weakness, you draw aggression. that's how people get hurt. Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true.
Tomorrow.
When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish.
I'm lettin'the bitch go.
Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant. I shoulda had you get me three a these.
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Here, take mine.
Ask yourself.
They tole her, you is 1/2 way between the life you had and the life you want to have.Thas nice.
There has always been something wrong wif the tesses. .The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for. Sometimes I wish I was not alive.
Thas why God or whoever make new days.
Get back, into the rocks!
I think this is the one you want.
I know what you mean, Bull, but don't sweat it, me and'ol'painless'here are watchin'
If it bleeds, we can kill it.
I should've wasted the bitch when I had the chance.
Lose your way in here, man, you be in some kinda hurt.
Now let's get the hell out.
Reconfirm insertion at Tango, Charlie, Delta One, zero, niner on the grid at zero, two, two, mark four by zero.
Come on in you fuckers.come on in.'ol'painless'is waitin'.
Yessir.
Now let's get the hell out.
You're wastin'your time.
Everybody keeps starin'at me.
Men like my father built this country.
.They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
A son is a poor substitute for a lover.
.They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
No.
Can I talk to your mother?
I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women!
Mary, you want to cut this off, go out and find yourself someone available.
When the mind houses two personalities, there is always a battle.
Dirty night.
You can help me make beds if you like.
I don't know what you expect me to know about. people come and go.
He dumps this guy on his ass, his heavy shoe an ounce from crushing his larynx.
They lock at each other: two pros at the top of their game.
Arizona Deputies enjoy the flattery. Dillinger studies Purvis.
My ma died when I was three. My daddy beat the hell out of me because he didn't know no better way to raise me. I used to do dumb things but I'm a lot smarter now.
The smaller man is built of steel cable.
'The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.'I think you're gon na find when all this shit is over and done I think you're gon na find yourself one smilin'motherfucker. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard motherfuckin'fact of life, but it's a fact of life your ass is gon na hafta git realistic about. This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic motherfuckers who thought their ass aged like wine. Besides, even if you went all the way, what would you be? Feather-weight champion of the world. Who gives a shit? I doubt you can even get a credit card based on that. Now the night of the fight, you may fell a slight sting, that's pride fuckin'wit ya.
I don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty fuckin'good.
Of all the fuckin'things she coulda forgot, she forgets my father's watch.
Well, the way they pick the shows on TV is they make one show, and that show's called a pilot. And they show that one show to the people who pick the shows, and on the strength of that one show, they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get accepted and become TV programs, and some don't, and become nothing.
It was bigger than him.
You won't laugh because it's not funny.
It's about thirty minutes away.
You wan na bite, they're real good.
'The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.'I think you're gon na find when all this shit is over and done I think you're gon na find yourself one smilin'motherfucker. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard motherfuckin'fact of life, but it's a fact of life your ass is gon na hafta git realistic about. This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic motherfuckers who thought their ass aged like wine. Besides, even if you went all the way, what would you be? Feather-weight champion of the world. Who gives a shit? I doubt you can even get a credit card based on that. Now the night of the fight, you may fell a slight sting, that's pride fuckin'wit ya.
Look, I'm not a idiot. She's the big man's fuckin'wife.
Cheeseburgers.
I'm not even fuckin'joking with you, don't you be bringing some fucked up pooh-butt to my house!
My name's Pitt, and you ain't talkin'your ass outta this shit.
You'a smart motherfucker, that's right.
I'm givin'you that money so I don't hafta kill your ass.
Everybody be cool, this is a robbery! Any of you fuckin'pricks move and I'll execute every one of you motherfuckers!
I'm prepared to scour the earth for this motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a cap in his ass. I'll take care of it.
I want to win.
I don't see Jayne Mansfield, so it must be her night off.
Of all the fuckin'things she coulda forgot, she forgets my father's watch.
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem.
You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny.
I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry, and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.can you please let me redeem the mileage?
You got me out of my hotel room. You came and got me out of my room.
.people are just crazy in this world, I think. .and he came up on the driver side. The first man came on the driver side.
I'm gon na call you back.
Have a waitress bring.a bottle of their best champacne. Your lips would make a lollipop too happy.
Doesn't that make you feel like shit?
I have an appointment with the manager. No you don't, he doesn't see anybody.
I only have myself.
I say we kill him, before this gets out of hand. Bleed him dry.
A night on the rack?
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name.
I hope you enjoy your solitude.
He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
I love you, Madeleine, as a parishioner, as a child of God My vows are mine and mine alone.
A box of Kama Sutra powder, ready to dust whomever you please. And we mustn't forget Mary, sweet Mary, the Jewish Whore; God's little harlot! Virgin birth, ha! An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
You can't be a proper writer without a touch of madness, can you? Traffic with the Devil, Maddy, and you'll pay the Devil's price.
St. Augustine tells us that angels and demons walk among us on the earth; that sometimes, they jointly inhabit the soul of a single man.
That's the first rule of politics, isn't it?
Once or twice.
You'll no longer spread your insidious gospel, where art's magnitude is the breadth of its depravity! FROM NOW ON, YOU WILL NOT EVEN WRITE YOUR OWN IGNOMINIOUS NAME! Are your convictions so fragile that mine can not stand in opposition to them?
I write what I've seen; the endless procession to the chopping block. We're all lined up at the guillotine, waiting for the crunch of the blade. Rivers of blood are flowing beneath our feet, Abbe.
Welcome to our humble madhouse, Doctor.
'By the time you read this, we'll be long gone; bound for England or points beyond.'Tell him, if he uncovers our whereabouts, you'll slit your wrists with a razor, and I'll plunge a hat- pin through my heart.
A full-bodied flavor with just a hint of wantonness?
For fuck's sake, who else would it be?
If I wasn't such a bad woman on the page, Abbe, I'll hazard I couldn't be such a good woman in life. This is no place for a child like you. Good God, Marquise, I'm on the brink of bankruptcy; my husband's resources are all but exhausted.
Some things belong on paper, others in life. It's a blessed fool who can't tell the difference.
Do not inter her sweet body in the same ground as the devils who inhabit this accursed place. Your terrible secret, revealed. You're a man, after all. All that remains now is your punishment.
Your publisher says I'm not to leave without a new manuscript.
'Fanchon was a prostitute with a tight and downy fissure between her thighs.'.the most finely cleft ass. My glorious prose, filtered through the minds of the insane? Who knows? They might improve it.'.and the most finely cleft ass ever moulded by the hand of God!''.a harlot, she was, name of Fanchon, with a downy fissure and a heavenly ass.
So you're my successor.
You could use a long, slow screw.
At the bottom of an inkwell; on the tip of a quill.
If you can't cure him, truly cure him, then, at least, I beg you, harness the beast that rages in his soul.
Had I known your taste in novels, I never would've taught you to read.
You'll no longer spread your insidious gospel, where art's magnitude is the breadth of its depravity! FROM NOW ON, YOU WILL NOT EVEN WRITE YOUR OWN IGNOMINIOUS NAME! Are your convictions so fragile that mine can not stand in opposition to them?
You young people should all go fuck yourselves.
Don't come in my place and start fuckin'trouble, I don't care who you are!
I tried to stand up and fly straight, but it wasn't easy with that sumbitch Reagan in the White House.
And anyone can find him knows the difference between a lead and a hole in the ground!
Well now that ain't really any of your- Just lookahere.
I want that baby!
All right now everone, we're just about ready to begin the robbery proper. All right now everyone, you know how this works:Y'all stay flattened for ten full minutes.
My lawless years were behind me; our child rearin'years lay ahead. It's true I've had a checkered past, but Ed here is an officer of the law twice decorated. So we figure it kind of evens out. .But biology and the prejudices of others conspired to keep us childless. Our love for each other was stronger than ever.
Well so far we just been using Junior. We call him Junior.
Say, that looks like Bill Steensma.
I think this is nothin'but a goddamn screw job.
I know, but honey - See I come from a long line of frontiersmen and - here it is, turn here dear - frontiersmen and outdoor types.
Honey, like you to meet Gale and Evelle Snopes, fine a pair as ever broke and entered.
Nathan Jr.
Damnit, are you boys gon na go chase down your leads or are you gon na sit drinkin'coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?
Yessir.
.Only I ain't got no friends.
And here you are sittin'around on your butt playin'house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I. with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
Yeah, they're just gon na stay a day or two.
Got ta show a little hospitality.
.Yeah, and if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass a-hoppin'! I'm sick of your excuses, Miles! It is now. 8:45 in the p.m.
Well now Ed's generally a real sweetheart, I- And as per usual, I wouldn't be surprised if the source of the marital friction was financial. Well, matter of fact, I did lose my job today- Come on Hi. you're young, you got your health - what do you want with a job? But look, I'd rather light a candle than curse your darkness. As you know,Evelle'n I never go anywhere without a reason.
Anyway, we're approachin'the wreck, and there's a spherical object arestin'on the highway. And it don't look like a piece a the car. Mostways the job was a lot like prison, except Ed was waitin'at the end of every day.
Boys, I can't - We need someone handy with a scatter- gun to cover the hayseeds while we get the cash.Y'understand, H.I. if this works out it's just the beginning of a spree across the entire Southwest proper. We keep goin''till we can retire - or we get caught. Either way we're fixed for life. Boys, it's a kind offer, but you're suggesting I justup'n leave Ed.
See there's something wrong withm'semen. Say, that reminds me!
I dunno. maybe it's wife, kids, family life.
Then there's the smallpox vaccine, chicken pox and measles, and if your kid's like ours you got ta take all those shots first to get him to take'em.
Yeah, it's a crazy world.
That's a hell of a thing to say.
He's not to leave the base.
We win.
You can take them off.
Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
Well, I'm not an expert, but I think he puts one foot in front of the other and pushes.
Given the type of people you are and the environment you're in, you guys have to admit the strong probability that this may be the only chance you'll ever get in your entire lives to have sex.
Yeah, it worked.
Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
The restoration work is reaching completion and the house is looking pretty beautiful.
Dipshit Kinsley has a nice ring to it.
There's no defense like a good offense.
Junk food and soft drink containers are littered everywhere. In one corner is a fully-stocked Frito Lay Chip display.
I hope I got the size right, I'm pretty sure I did, I have a brother so I use him as a sizing comparison, and I have a pretty good eye for that sort of thing, so I just went ahead and made you one because I was, you know, up.
I'm not even sophisticated. But I can tell you this, when a man and a woman see each other, and like each other, they should come together, wham like two taxies on Broadway.
Jeff, if anybody walked in here, I don't think they'd believe what they see.
Once it was see somebody, get excited, get married, Now, it's read books, fence with four syllable words, psychoanalyze each other until you can't tell a petting party from a civil service exam People have different emotional levels that, Ask for trouble and you get it.
There's a dip at this end. And since when do flowers grow shorter in two weeks? There's something buried there.
But this is a thousand to one shot.
You and me with long faces, plunged into despair, because we find out that a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known. You'd think we could be a little bit happy that the poor woman is alive and well. Whatever happened to that old saying'Love Thy Neighbor.
I wonder.
I'm not even sophisticated. But I can tell you this, when a man and a woman see each other, and like each other, they should come together, wham like two taxies on Broadway.
Do you think this was worth waiting all day to see?
You sleep rarely, bathe even less, and sometime the food you even look at when they were alive! Jeff, you don't have to be deliberately repulsive just to impress me I'm wrong. If anything, I'm making it sound good.
Plato.
You crud chicken! You're wasting our time!
I woke up this morning, you know? And the sun was shining and everything was nice. Then the first thing that happens is I see you and I thought this is going to be one terrific day so you better live it up, boy,'cause tomorrow maybe you'll be nothing.
You must have had a reason.
They called us at the club and I got the fright of my life!
It's easier sometimes than talking to your folks.
Hey, hey, Glamorpuss.
You were looking for me, weren't you?
But you don't think that's a solution.
One thing I know is I never want to be like him.
In all the complexity of our universe and the galaxies beyond, the Earth will not be missed.
You want the tree?
Christmas Eve.
My sister loves you, motherfucker, and I ain't gon na have you break her heart. Wish I had a brother like you. A girl says she loves you, you say something.
We all gon na dress up like cowboys?
Taking the fifty percent model, a Christmas Two would grow this country's annual per capita income by close to one-third.
I've read your letters, motherfucker. Don't play no reindeer games with me.
Hey!
This.
Don't feel bad that you're more attracted to me than you are to him it happens to all of them.
.I tend to agree with the first part.
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it because.
Are you telling me, Ms. Spencer, that you intend to let those girls stay in your school? .Of course they're all sticking to the same story and that story is a load of crap!
That's what I call the repo code kid. Don't forget it etch it in your brain. Not many people got a code to live by anymore.
I'm Kevin!
I don't know.
Have a nice day. Or night. Night, day, it doesn't mean shit.
I'll get your ass!
Hey, I know you. You're the one that run into my trash.
If you say our names we'll have to kill all these people Archie.
Have a nice day.
What do you say kid were always on the look out for a few good men. Screw that! Ain't going to be no repo man.
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me.
Repo man's got all night every night. twenty thousand dollars.
You repo men, you guys are all out to fuckin lunch. Let's get out of here.
Suspect presence on west coast confirmed.
Hey don't let him lie to you like that.
That's what I call the repo code kid. Don't forget it etch it in your brain. Not many people got a code to live by anymore.
I kill people like you.
Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking.
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me.
I'll get your ass!
I used to be a musician myself, college days. Of course it was folk songs and protest songs back then. We shall overcome, we shall overcome. Did you ever feel as if your mind had started to erode?
That's some weird fucking shit Eh Bud?
Look, Vic, whatever you wan na do in the privacy of your own home, go do it. But don't try to fuck me. I don't think of you that way. I mean, I like you a lot Eddie, if I was a pirate, I wouldn't throw you to the crew. No, you'd keep me for yourself. Four years fuckin punks in the ass made you appreciate prime rib when you get it.
That's fucked up. But that ain't my fault. it would appear that waitresses are just one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. You show me a paper says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it. Put it to a vote, I'll vote for it. But what I won't do is play ball. And this non- college bullshit you're telling me, I got two words for that:'Learn to fuckin type.'Cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent, you're in for a big fuckin surprise.
You guys have a wonderful day.
You talk like a pissed off dishwasher:'Fuck those cunts and their fucking tips.'So you don't care that they're counting on your tip to live? Do you know what this is? It's the world's smallest violin, playing just for the waitresses. You don't have any idea what you're talking about. These people bust their ass.
Me and Larry have been friends a long time, he ain't gon na shoot. We like each other too much. Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
Me and Larry have been friends a long time, he ain't gon na shoot. We like each other too much. Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
That don't necessarily make it so.
Look, Vic, whatever you wan na do in the privacy of your own home, go do it. But don't try to fuck me. I don't think of you that way. I mean, I like you a lot Eddie, if I was a pirate, I wouldn't throw you to the crew. No, you'd keep me for yourself. Four years fuckin punks in the ass made you appreciate prime rib when you get it.
Really, how did you get away?
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that? I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way. That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either.
