Hey Jonesy, look what I found in Gramma's trunk.
Hello, Why-were- you-born.
I'm starting to hate this phone.
Jesus.
every time I slow down it's like my veins start to rust.
Doing your mother like an Iraqi prisoner, you bitch.
I'm dead and you're simple. Now listen: you put the word out I'm looking for Ricky Verona. Anyone sees him you call me. I'm going to get that little son of a bitch if it's the last thing I do. it may actually be the last thing I do, understand that?
Jesus.
You haven't been tight since your brother fucked you in 3rd grade.
There he goes again.
Listen, I've been fatally poisoned, there's probably a psychopath heading over there to torture and kill you as we speak, but don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be there in a flash.
I told you I'd kill you, you son of a bitch! There.
Darn it, I forgot to take my birth control pill.
You have to understand.
I myself shall play the role of James Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf Wtherich, sent over from the Porsche factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany. This mechanic was himself fated to die in a car crash in Germany twenty- six years later. And the third and in some ways most important party, the college student Donald Turnupseed, played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
James Ballard?
Well, you know, not all Algerians speak French. It's a matter of what school you went too. Me I never really Zero isn't interested in your life story. Who gets killed?
We are in.
Promise me one thing, whatever path you take in this life. be true to yourself. Do you remember the legend of the young man?'A faithful heart makes wishes come true.'Make a wish, Lo. To be back in the desert, together again.
I start Monday week.
Not particularly.
I want to fuck the whole world over.
I want to live with a writer. Not a fucking croupier. I don't even know what the word means.
I know this is verboten, but if you feel like a chat or maybe dinner, give me a call.
The famous two in the morning knock at the door.
Fourteen and a half million to one!
That bitch Bella shopped me.
Pity about Bella. She was a real asset.
I hate when things don't go my way. It makes me so horny.
Well let me tell you something, I didn't ask to be a girl. Do you think I relish the fact that I have to act like Mary Sunshine twenty four seven, so I can be considered a'laaaady.'Do you think I take great delight when I hear -'Kathryn is so wonderful.''Kathryn is a model child.''Kathryn is going to make an excellent wife one day.'I'm the Marsha fucking Brady of the upper East Side and sometimes I want to kill myself for it.
No.
Be romantic.
I love you too.
I'm tired and emotional. Do it on your own time, Paddy.
Did you ever pick your teeth up with broken fingers?
Best game in the world.
Don't go like that.
There's only one way to find out.
The wind, Mother.
All you do is freak out!
I'm not dying in a fucking ratmaze. Look! No one in the whole world could do it mentally! Look at the number: Two.
I think he's mentally handicapped.
Listen to what I'm saying!
If nothing is random.
For someone to find me?
Bring up my ambulance.
Guns would make one warrior like two. Take one man and go quickly.
I came out from Fort Hays last April.
I am learning the Kiowa words for head, hand, horse, fire, coffee, buffalo, hello and goodbye.
I see you bash the prisoner once more and I'll put those shackles on you.
The king is dead. long live the king. Were it not for my companion I believe I would be having the time of my life. He is quite possibly the foulest person I have ever met.
I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.
You got paper over there Spivey?
They're'sposed to be beat up just like us but everybody knows that Tucker's men are tough as cobs. I sure don't wan na die out there with them cows. Some of the boys are sayin'that if we ain't gon na fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stakes poker. Wouldn't that be a sight. a bunch of fellas sittin'in the middle of this field drawin'cards.
There ain't nothin'here lieutenant.
I'm in a generous mood and will grant your boon.
Turn right. all the way to the end of the hall.
Even our enemies say this is a sacred place.
Dunbar.
I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before. I shot this one.
I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes thirty seconds. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
I'm getting this flickering light on one of my panels.
Remember when Commander Powell found that 99 plus probability of sentient life in the Magellanic Cloud?
Darkman's vein pulses like csa y. Strack's tone is almost admiring: You truly are one ugly son of a bitch. Strack shoots Darkman in the shoulder, hurling him off the bean. The Darkman tumbles, limbs flailing, bellowing with rage. Spinning upside down stars, abyss, stars, abyss As Darkman's fingertips clamp onto the upper lip of an I-beam.
You look like hell, Robert. The son of a bitch malfunctioned my helicopter.
Listen.
And hot lunches for little And if I kill it.
I don't know.
Go tuck yourself, Bill.
Why can't you die from a stroke like everybody else?
If there was some mistake. There's no mistake, Bill. If you veto their funding, it's not a mistake. If you hurt someone intentionally, it's not a mistake.
Ursula bounds through the wheat blowing a horn.
Rather than spend my valuable time ferreting out the guilty persons, and let me assure you I will find them - - I'm asking any and all students who knows anything about this article to make themselves known here and now. Whoever the guilty persons are, this is your only chance to avoid expulsion from this school. Welton Academy.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering, these are all noble pursuits, and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Exercising the right not to walk.
Rip, rip, rip!
Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone. Sure there's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.
Brain damage.
That goes for the lot of you.
Ever since I can remember, I've wanted to try this. I even tried to go to summer stock auditions last year, but, of course, my father wouldn't let me. For the first time in my whole life I know what I wan na do. and for the first time I'm gon na do it whether my father wants me to or not!
Nothing?
You have to deliver it aloud in front of the class on Monday.
You have to deliver it aloud in front of the class on Monday.
I don't know.
Now, devotees may argue that one sport or game is inherently better than another. For me, sport is actually a chance for us to have other human beings push us to excel. I want you all to come over here and take a slip of paper and line up single file.
Yeah, but if he said Jesus, Todd!
Me and Pitts are working on a hi-fi system.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering, these are all noble pursuits, and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Listen, don't mind Cameron. He was born with his foot in his mouth.
He looks straight ahead with a somber expression.
You have to deliver it aloud in front of the class on Monday.
Seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary.
Jeff looks over to Norman whose eyes are as wide as saucers. Aaron looks like a deer caught in headlights.
As Duncan closes the coffin again, Cynthia bends down and picks up one of the photographs and stares at it. Her face turns to horror as she makes out the image.
You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin'up your foam rubber ass!
You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails.
I hope you enjoy the show.
Okey doke. I'm gon na go get drunk now.
Like a guy who's come back from the war.
Surprised, he takes out the phone, presses talk.
Anyway, designer drugs have a bad name: ice, ecstasy, tar, there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease. But what about completely safe, almost legal, terrific shit you can go to work on and do your job better than you ever did it straight?
Anyway, designer drugs have a bad name: ice, ecstasy, tar, there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease. But what about completely safe, almost legal, terrific shit you can go to work on and do your job better than you ever did it straight?
I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK?
Next time, I cut off your nose, pisher.
You annoy me therefore I exist.
I was thinki, ohmyGod!
Establish communication with maniac intruder. Wrong.
Do you expect him to be homesick?
Maybe I'm losing my touch.
Voluntary outcasts, they cower beneath us in sewers, abandoned tunnels. They're nothing but thugs and hooligans. You are even better live than on laserdisc.
Almond Joy's got nuts, Mounds don't. Because sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't.'The most popular station in town.
Sensors all around the city can zero in on anyone at any time.
You know, I musta done something right in a previous life. Don't know what that coulda been.
I don't want a history lesson, < u > Hal < /u >!
Mayor/Gov Cocteau, we find the branching possibility exists the escaped cryocon, Mr. Simon Phoenix, may be on his way to the Museum of Art and History in your complex.
Only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
Trip, you fuckin'asshole.
Oh, God, how calculating of me to lead you all on like that after you offered me a ride in the middle of nowhere.
Tell him, quote, Kool and the gang bite my bag, motherfucker, unquote.
I don't care.
Nothing a woman loves more than when you beat her at her own head games.
Aaaayyyyy!
God, if you ever get me outta this, I swear I will never masturbate again!
Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels.
Oh, man, my mom is gon na send me to Alcatraz for this and I don't even care! I'm gon na see Peter Criss's drum solo!
Hey, if you don't like that one, maybe you'll think it's funny when we throw your ass out the goddamn car!
A boy who lies through his teeth, buys demonic records, and smokes the dope just like you. If I'm anything like you, I'll deserve him.
A bunch of guys who make bad music, dress like freaks, and wear more make-up than all my sisters combined? These assholes must be stopped! That's it, Kenny! I'm leaving!
It's about time you gave up on that stupid dream once and for all. No son of mine is going to be a career musician.
I wouldn't dance like that in private if you paid me.
Hey, Kenny, look! There's a hunk of fawkin'cheese on your windsheel!
Tell him, quote, Kool and the gang bite my bag, motherfucker, unquote.
Well, like a woman offered me thirty dollars to go track down her husband for her.
You know, your natural color would really bring out your eyes.
They're busy reducing life and death to the proper position of a semi- colon.
You must need me pretty bad.
You have shoulders nobody can see.
You definitely had me fooled.
Have a look and see.
Be our eyes and ears.
They're usually tired and burned out old policemen growing fat on a pension.This is.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of greed around the globe, it is about to be taught a lesson on real power. You.will be witnesses. If our demands are not met, however, You may become participants instead.
I figure we take out all the terrorists, and lose 20 percent of the hostages.
They're paying for it, so don't be shy.
I want that air support ready to lift off in five minutes.Damn right fully armed.
I'm tired of sitting here waiting to see who gets us killed first. them.or your husband.
For there were no more worlds to conquer. The benefits of a classical education. It's beautiful. I always enjoyed models as a boy.
The police've got themselves an R.V. James, Alexander, southeast corner.
Son of a bitch.
I'm gon na kiss your Goddamn dalmatian. Call 911, give them the name and badge number on your uniform and cancel the alarm.then disable the system.
Call me Bill.
That's the FBI.ordering them to cut the building's power.
With all the power shut down, those bastards are probably scared shitless.
Son of a bitch.
Attention, whoever you are. This channel is reserved for emergency calls only, No fucking shit, lady! Do I sound like I'm ordering a pizza? No one kills him but me.
Welcome to the party, pal. of course I can get us a table, Wolfgang and me, we're like that.
Schnell!
I mean, any faggot can shoot a gun.
The whole roof of this building is, Roy?
The only thing I'll even consider apologizing for is. not dropping the binoculars and telling you this a lot sooner. That was either the creepiest. or the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
Cleansing breath.
Kale, calm down, the officers were probably in the neighborhood already.
Thank God for the right nipple.
Damn, Sal, put some more cheese on that motherfucker.
It's cheap, I got a good price for you, Mayor Koch,'How I'm doing,'chocolate-egg-cream-drinking, bagel and lox,B'naiB'rith asshole.
You want brothers up on the Wall of Fame, you open up your own business, then you can do what you wan na do.
They don't know him.
Look!
Just an arrangements of superstitions, the most well- known of which is the voo-doo doll. A mock-up of an individual is subjected to various pokes and prods, and the desired result is that the individual will feel the effects.
I gave up my sheep and followed His ass around Jerusalem for three years. And in all that time, did I ever get laid? Hell no! But I didn't bitch, because I was into His message. And while the message is what counts, folks should know that He was black. That's why I'm going to help you find stop those angels from getting to that church in exchange for you helping me with my campaign.
It is lowered to reveal Jay, Bethany, and Rufus sitting around a makeshift fire in the middle of nowhere.
Alright mouthpiece, let's leave the nice Cardinal alone and go for a ride. Mister McGhee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry. Is that so?
Go get me a towel, will you?
This one just told me that she's supposed to stop a couple of angels from entering a church.
I had a weird night last night, and now tonight's not shaping up to be any better. I think I should go home, take some percosets, and lay down.
When asked about his motivations for decommisioning the traditional baptismal fonts in favor of the proposed Olympic sized lap-pools beneath parish floors, Click responded'Come on - who doesn't like a pool party?
Alright, but let's say we're caught in a situation where we've got like five minutes to live, like a bomb or something is gon na go off - would you fuck us then?
I've been going to church my entire life and I've never heard of a thirteenth apostle named Rufus.
You people. If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels? You do know what an angel is, don't you? Metatron acts as the voice of God. Any documented occasion when some yahoo claims to have spoken with God, they're speaking to me. Or they're speaking to themselves.
I forgot my little voo-doo doll.
I don't know why, but.
Infinite celestial power and we can't catch a bus.
And Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own clubs for a better game.
Where were you when that psychotic bastard had a knife to my throat?
All I know is we saved your ass from some angry fucking dwarfs and you promised us se~. Didn't this crazy bitch promise us sex? .and now you're telling me that I'm supposed to take you somewhere, and you don't even know where it is?
Jesus.'Freaked me out because he basically told me when my number was up.
The train rushes over head.
Not if you believe it's important for people to know. A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. People kill for it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now because of the Catholic Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullshit. And whether they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting that belief, and if they're successful, you, me.
Christ told me the secret to resurrection once when we were at a wedding in Canna, but I got drunk and forgot it.
You people. If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels? You do know what an angel is, don't you? Metatron acts as the voice of God. Any documented occasion when some yahoo claims to have spoken with God, they're speaking to me. Or they're speaking to themselves.
It bit this girl named Tammi right on the ass. It got lockjaw and we had to pry the ferret off her ass with a pair of pliers.
Why does a pretty little thing like you want to be a bounty hunter? Because I want justice. I want to help put these sleazebags back in jail where they belong. And I want to have a little fun.
She grips it in her right hand.
Look at you fat fucking bitches.
I don't know!
She's a good woman, Louise. My son Tommy, she's more of a mother to him than my ex- wife, that bitch, My own fucking son's a junkie, you believe it?
With This Thing, you go in alive and you come out d ead. And t he o ne th at kills you is your best fucking friend. t - Anything happens, make sure Louise gets the Cadillac. Nicky and Boobie play gin.
I'l l tell him it got lost.
You scared that guy, though, manag gia that cracks me up. I got 26 fucking hits under my belt and you're the one he's scared of.
Sometimes it's the only thing that keeps us going.
Things that remind you how beautiful the world can be.
In this story, several children destroy an elderly man's house from inside out. They destroy his house without motive, without moral consequence. They destroy private property.
I'm here to save you. The world is coming to an end, Donnie.
I'm not gon na squeeze one out until I'm thirty.
Oh, shit! Grandma Death.
She has known about the test for several weeks, but has not studied.
The girls. they got three and a half stars.
'No duh'is a product of fear.
Excuse me.
I promise that one day things will get better for you.
Those who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person. Learn to truly love yourself. and the world will be yours.
Now that's better.
Hey, porky pig. I hope you get molested!
Donald, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God. but does not deny the possibility that God exists. Goodbye, Dr. Thurman.
grody.
And when I clap my hands together, you will wake up.
They wanted to rob him.
So the idea is that. you buy these glasses for your infant, and they wear them at night when they sleep. And inside these glasses are these slide photographs. And each photograph is of something peaceful. or beautiful. Whatever pictures the parent wants to put inside. What effect do you think this would have on an infant?
A storm that will swallow the children. and I will deliver them from the kingdom of pain.''I will deliver the children to their doorsteps.
I get darn sick of picking up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy that sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes. I've had twenty- six years of that, Walter, and I And you loved every minute of it, Keyes. You love it, only you worry about it too much, you and your little man. You're so darn conscientious you're driving yourself crazy.
I think you're rotten. I think you're swell.
This is goodbye.
I guess I was all wet.
Nothing had slipped, nothing had been overlooked, there was nothing to give us away. And yet, Keyes, as I was walking down the street to the drug store, suddenly it came over me that everything would go wrong. It sounds crazy, Keyes, but it's true, so help me: I couldn't hear my own footsteps. It was the walk of a dead man.
Look. A man takes out an accident policy that is worth a hundred thousand dollars if he is killed on a train.
I spend half the night walking up and down in my bed.
We need great golden copulations Well, I'll tell you a story of whiskey, mystics and men And about the believers and how the whole thing began First there were women and children obeying the moon Then daylight brought wisdom and sickness too soon. the moon is a dry blood beast We have assembled inside this ancient and insane theatre to propagate our lust for life and flee the swarming wisdom of the streets we live we die and death not ends it
I guess I was all wet.
Every single minute.
The way she died.
Shaun San Dena grabs at her chest, struggles for breath.
She stuffs them into a folder, grabs her purse and bolts for the exit.
Stephanie holds her breath, listening. She sees a shadow beneath the crack in the door.
Shaun San Dena's eyes clear for a moment as she struggles to regain control.
A shadow falls over Stephanie.
I don't know how many.
Be thou consumed by the fires that made you!
I am Galen Bradwardyn, inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, and I am the Sorcerer you seek.
They never do tests, and not many real deeds either.
Arise, children of the Lord and forsake evermore the pagan mysteries.
Well, I sat down for a beer and KA- BLEWEY!
Beautiful as a whore's ass today.
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
One with strong roots in a community like Mount Rose, a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
Today, a beauty pageant turned ugly.
Well, ah.Alabama.
I tells kem, I tells kem every goddamn year,'Take the Goddamn Freda sign down, you lazy sons-a-bitches!'.Today's'To Do'list includes a trip to the Mall of America. We need outfits for the'Physical Fitness'number, Nothin'too showy!
'See, I fell in love with The Big Apple last summer when I was visitin'my brother.
They think it fell from a DC-10. The doctor said I was lucky the flat side hit me, um, otherwise it coulda gone right through my head.
Look, Amber, I'm not gon na win. And let's be honest, a family only needs one'Liza'and you know Peter's got much better legs than me. Your parents'd kill you.
Turn around and let me see.
She our American Teen Princess girl.
Like gasoline.
I chose Mount Rushmore, because to live in a country where you can take an ugly old mountain and put faces on it, faces of great Americans, who did so much to make our country super great, well that makes me - Rebecca Leeman - PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
I should just go home now.
Don't tell anyone, but, I have a little secret weapon of my own. I don't eat shellfish.
I'm signin'up kcause-ah,y'know, I always watch pageants on the TV and my boyfriend thinks I'll win. Hi, I-I'm Amber Atkins and, um, I'm signin'upk'cause, ah, my two favorite people in the world competed.
No one's allowed to smoke or tell a dirty joke, And whistling is forbidden. We're not allowed to tell a dirty joke HAIL, HAIL, FREEDONIA If chewing gum is chewed, The chewer is pursued And in the hoosegow hidden. If we should choose to chew, we'll be pursued - If any form of pleasure is exhibited Report to me and it will be prohibited. I'll put my foot down; So shall it be - This is the land of the free. The last man nearly ruined this place He didn't know what to do with it. If you think this country's bad off now Just wait'till I get through with it. The treasury is low on dough; The last man went and flew with it. If you think we're short of money now Just wait'till I get through with it. The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait'till I get through with it. In our midst you stand The ruler of this land A man who'll govern with an iron hand. If anyone gets fresh with me, I'll show him who's the boss; I'll stand upon my dignity, And toss him for a loss.
You know, they make that suit for women, too. Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones. So, have you given him'some'yet?
Oh, here it comes.
Usul no longer needs the weirding module.
No woman child ever withstood that much.
Our Reverend Mother tells me she is too old. She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest.
Desert Planet.
You see.
I am the Shadout Mapes, your housekeeper, Noble Born.
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
My own name is a killing word. Will it be a healing word as well? the shoulders of several large Fremen Now! They're even better on the battlefield than in the training rooms!
Don't you trust your own eyes.
A storm is coming, our storm. and when it comes it will shake the Universe.
SUCK THE BLOOD FROM HIM!
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
For the spice there will always be some desert. There will be fierce winds and trials to toughen men. We Fremen have a saying.'God created Arrakis to train the faithful.'One can not go against the word of God.
It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed - The lips acquire stains - The stains become a warning - It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
I never requested your presence.
May his passage cleanse the world.
dear God.
Stay alive a little longer.
We have a lot to get through.
My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died. We were all buried there. Buried under the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life. You had a girl.
I don't live with Oliver any more, Uncle Stepan.
They said there was no tickets but I got tickets for the Chelsea game.
Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little babies. Something like this would be bad for all of us.
They inject me every day with heroin.
If you want to dump a body, this is the place.
I've heard of that.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it.
They inject me every day with heroin.
And I know where you are.
Well it looks good.
Well fuck him! Do I really have a face like a horse? What does'ostentatious'mean?
You are about to see en extraordinary motion picture.
I'm going to drink your blood! Ehh, you're not a real vampire. You can't turn into a bat, and those teeth don't frighten me.
I shall perfect my own race of people. a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world!'Mr. Lugosi, could I have your autograph?
This is a story that's gon na grab people.
I'm the director!
Lifestyle Televisions Joma was shot this evening, outside his apartment. Because Joma was on television twenty-four hours a day, Lifestyle's cameras were there to record the shooting.
I'm the director!
You glide in and get on the operating table.
The women prefer the traditional monsters.
When I play Dracula, I put myself into a trance. It takes me much time to re-emerge.
Honey, you made it!
If you dress nice and talk well, people will swallow anything.
You will come under my spell! You will be my slave of love.
Look, you put anybody on TV sixteen hours a day, at some point they're going to wind up rolling off a table on to a cat.
It was a little shock.
Hey, kid.
The guys and I were talking, we'd like want to invite you to our card game on Friday night. Would you like that? Only thing is, you can't cut. I have my own infirmity. Never did me a bit of harm. Took some shrapnel during the war and ever since then I can't feel a thing. Not a damn thing. Listen Don't you ever let anybody tell you you have a handicap.
I'm looking for the man with scissors.
I will be self-assured and confident around women.
They're the sharpest things in the world.
I feel like I'm coming to pass out, or puke or something.
Lifestyle Televisions Joma was shot this evening, outside his apartment. Because Joma was on television twenty-four hours a day, Lifestyle's cameras were there to record the shooting.
I feel like I'm coming to pass out, or puke or something.
I've always said that you really can't have a picnic or a barbecue without deviled eggs. They're just the best. They make the thing.
You didn't heed my warning.
Now, Bill.
Well, he was born up there or something.
The guys and I were talking, we'd like want to invite you to our card game on Friday night. Would you like that? Only thing is, you can't cut. I have my own infirmity. Never did me a bit of harm. Took some shrapnel during the war and ever since then I can't feel a thing. Not a damn thing. Listen Don't you ever let anybody tell you you have a handicap.
Oh my!
Now, Bill.
If it's a hit, the club has 12 hits.
That's sweet of you, asshole.
Are you crazy?
It was just that Dave was so strong and made me feel so safe and protected. It was the first time somebody ever saw the real me, the me that nobody else knows.
Come on, fill me up Yeah, just, Do it!
What's wrong with me?
We all know it doesn't matter who gets elected president of Millard. You think it's going to change anything around here, make one single person happier or smarter or nicer? The only person it matters to is the one who gets elected. The same pathetic charade happens every year, and everyone makes the same pathetic promises just so they can put it on their transcripts to get into college. So vote for me, because I don't even want to go to college, and I don't care, and as president I won't do anything. The only promise I make is that if elected I will immediately dismantle the student government, so that none of us will ever have to sit through one of these stupid assemblies again! Tammy! Tammy! Tammy! 0h don't vote for me I Who cares? Don't vote at all! That little bitch made a fool of us I want her out of the election. Getting everybody all riled up like that.
This isn't the time or the place to get into it, but there is, for just one example, a certain former colleague of mine, who made a very big mistake, a life mistake. I think the lesson there is that, old and young, we ail make mistakes, and we have to learn that our actions, all of them, can carry serious consequences. You're very young, Tracy underage, in fact, but maybe one day you'll understand. I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay. I agree. But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections. And I think certain older persons like you and your'colleague'shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant. And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
Now get the hell off my property and take your hand with you!
Teeth.
There's one more thing about Tracy I think you should know. Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
My life was crumbling, and I was expected to care about these ungrateful kids and their pathetic little dreams. As if my only purpose in life were to serve them.
My life was crumbling, and I was expected to care about these ungrateful kids and their pathetic little dreams. As if my only purpose in life were to serve them.
It's a squeaker, Mr. M. I've got Tracy by a vote. Just one vote.
She was selfish and cynical and ambitious and thought nothing of destroying the lives of others to get to the top. who knew how high she would climb in life, how many people would suffer because of her?
In some other time, in some other world, could you have loved me? I know only one world. In this world, I have loved you. Then there's. something you could do for me - something I've not known for a very long time - if you felt so inclined - Something not to be spoken of afterwards - to be forgotten - but just for now - A kiss?
Don't ask for my soul.
This is not the Queen I love and serve. This gentleman has seduced a lady under my care.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
Don't you ever think that one day, perhaps one day soon, you too will die? The closer I come to death, the more I want to live. The hungrier I am for life.
I beg your majesty's forgiveness.
I expect I'll think of something.
And some spread their wings like eagles and soar on the wind.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
I wish - I've never known a woman like you. In some other time, in some other world, could you have loved me? I know only one world. In this world, I have loved you.
I told you they had this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another Stacy.Stacy.maybe now isn't the best time for the I-Told-You-So speech.
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
At least it better be.
To all the one-night-stands.
There is little doubt that the whole of Hy-Brasil is sinking see a street go down, a statue sink and then we Cut to a close-up of King Arnulf.
All follow suit.
And you know I'm the last person on Earth to walk away from a big payday. But you and me didn't get into this to get rich. We did it cause we both have this voice in our heads saying, do the right thing; get these plaintiffs what they deserve, the right to live and die in some kind of comfort and peace. If 50,000 isn't gon na buy that, then we got ta say no. Trust me. If you don't do the right thing for these people, getting that 6 million dollars is gon na feel like shit. I knew I put up with your bullshit for a reason. This guy, Erin, he's got more toxic tort experience than anyone else in California.
If you really want to apply for a job here, you can do it the way everyone else does.
Not only does it attack every organ of the body, it fucks with your DNA, too.
In fucking ugly shoes.
You say any God damn thing that comes into your head. And I'm not saying that's bad. That can be great; that can be a lot of fun,'Fun?'Jesus,'fun?'I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as'fun?'Okay, now you're making this personal, and it isn't Not personal?
God save me and watch over you all.
Snake runs through the building, breaks a window, and climbs up a fire escape to get to a new floor.
The President looks suitably freshened up.
The President looks suitably freshened up.
Hey, Brain, I could use some gas if you can spare some.
You.
It's about the survival of the human race, Plissken.
Guards, guards, more guards.
Because I loathe and detest bananas.
I don't think your personality comes out of a tube.
But it keeps me from having to develop an actual personality.
You don't trust me.
Well, sure, I'll just.
We're getting healthy read-outs.
I've never felt that before.
I love getting bathed in the sink. It's such a feeling of security. I've never seen you happier.
See, remember that girl?
I, I know a man who needs a refill. God bless alcohol, is what I say. Where would I be without it.
Oh.
Nah, I don't know.
I loved you so much this day.
I never saw you together like that again.
God knows I love women, but nothing can take the place of a man that fits. Still this is cowgirl territory and I'll stand with Delores and fight any bastards who might deny it. I guess I've always been a scrapper.
That's the very first time in the eons that I've known you that I've ever heard you complain. And now you're tired, poor darling. A born freak can only go uphill. Freak, schmeek. Most of us are freaks in one way or another. Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean.
Ion drive will engage in.
I am home.
Dead bodies in the cellar, dead bodies in the cellar.
Uh.Cheryl, why don't you make sure.
I'm all right. Come unlock this chain and let me out.
.Scott.
Ahhhhhhh!
In time we'll come for him, then you ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- Ash, Ash, please.I don't want to die- but.but I can't stand this pain.
I don't want to die. So lonely to die like this.
Jesus, I can't feel my legs.
Ash, she's dead.
My father is dead.
maybe.
I loved you, mighty child.
Love is deaf as well as blind. They are only for you, for in them I mixed things that heal, but not too quickly; and things that make limbs sleepy, preventing escape, but keep one's mind sharp.
My knights have fought my causes.
My teeth are perfect. Don't ask me how I knew this thing was in my mouth.
That guy really came there tonight just to kill you.
We now see Levi's audience, about seventy-five people, some standing, some sitting on plastic folding chairs. They are of very mixed age and type, but they all cheer and applaud enthusiastically. We are in the central playing area of a small, deconsecrated country church, and Levi performs on a broad, low, carpeted plywood dais. At the far end of the dais, a man and a woman - assistants to Levi - are carefully laying out about two dozen plastic modules that look somewhat like high-tech ski boots. My name is Wittold Levi, my friends call me Witt - and I'm the project manager for eXistenZ.
In fact, you're now on the informant payroll.
Castor Troy just shot him!
Ninety nine percent sure?
The HANGING LADDER swoops down, with men RIDING ON IT! I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
Why the long face?
Hey!
If one of us were to wear it.
You should try it, I wouldn't be caught dead in that.
I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to, Right, whatever, have fun. That's not funny!
I had it at four.
Yeah, I have that effect on people.
The HANGING LADDER swoops down, with men RIDING ON IT! I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
My competitors?
You don't know the meaning of the word.
They always let blind girls cut the line.
You two need a time-out.
You want me to lift some weights or something?
She's always had a thing for runaways and strays, but this is ridiculous.
Welcome back.
Walking around like some kind of circus freak.
And that's a good thing?
You're an athlete.
You're paranoid, Foxy.
I love you, too, but I shouldn't have married you.
I don't want to be put in the middle of this.
He hisses.
Fox waves back.
We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space.
Respecting all forms of life, however small.
Proceed to the Sterilization Section.
That's more'n I've heard you say all week.
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here..
Yeah, I decided not to park here..
Well, so far we're just saying he's wanted for questioning in connection with a triple homicide.
No, but, Wade, see, I was bringin'you this deal for you to loan me the money to put in.
They're good, Norm, but you'rebetter'n them.
I'd be very surprised if our suspect was from Brainerd.
I don't see nothin'like that here.
Dammit!
I think we're making a lot of noise.
It's definitely your mama.
There's no birthday party for me here!
It's not sex I want.
Do you think guys find that attractive?
I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold. Will you please give a warm welcome to.
This is going to be just like the girl you fell in love with at Fotomat this summer.
We have a twenty-question quiz every Friday.
That's not the one to be late to.
Can I come in?
Just like you wouldn't want me to come to your house some evening and discuss U.S. History on your time.
Doesn't anybody fuckin'knock anymore?
Stay away from my life, my wife, my home and my pets! I'm taking Lana on a vacation and when I come back, I don't ever want to see your face again! A VACATION! She doesn't deserve a VACATION! She's a brat! A bad girl! She always was and always will be!
If anyone ever proves me wrong, I'll throw away my badge.
I like that in a man.
I'm a Doctor of Journalism!
Never cross the Great Magnet.
Do they pay you to screw that bear?
I think he's probably Samoan.
And when it comes to that fantastic note where the rabbit bites its own head off, I want you to THROW THAT FUCKING Not me. It would blast you through the wall, stone dead in ten seconds and they'd make me explain it! BULLSHIT! Don't make me use this.
Some asshole wrote a poem about that once. Probably good advice, if you have shit for brains. There he goes, one of God's own prototypes, a high powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live and too rare to die. We are all wired into a survival trip now. No more of the speed that fueled that 60's. That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip. He crashed around America selling'consciousness expansion'without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously. All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their loss and failure is ours too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped create. a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody.
Did you see his eyes?
I really don't know, but at her age, if she did smoke grass, she'd have one hell of a trip! I know a hell of a lot better ways to waste my time than listening to this bullshit.
Nothing unusual.
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds! If you think we're in trouble now wait until you see what's happening in the elevators.
In this town they love a drunk. Fresh meat.
Me and a thousand ranking cops from all over America.
Remember, you'll be 200 feet tall!
I can't even remember.
Me and a thousand ranking cops from all over America.
There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon. An overdose of heroin was listed as the official cause of death for pretty 19 year old Diane Hanby whose body was found stuffed in a refrigerator last week.'One toke over the line, sweet Jesus.'One toke. You poor fool.
Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat!
You have no faith in the essential decency of the white man's culture.
I'm a relatively respectable citizen, a multiple felon, perhaps, but certainly not dangerous. Luckily, I had taken the soap and grapefruit and other luggage out to the car a few hours earlier. Now it was only a matter of slipping the noose.
They should make these things with a goddamn FM radio.
He crashed around America selling'consciousness expansion'without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously. All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their loss and failure is ours too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped create. a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody. or at least some force, is tending the light at the end of the tunnel. There was only one road back to L.A. US Interstate 15, just a flat-out high speed burn through Baker and Barstow and Berdoo, then on to the Hollywood Freeway straight into frantic oblivion: safety, obscurity, just another freak in the Freak Kingdom.
Just as high as the fucker can go!
Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood! And nobody did anything?
The mentality of Las Vegas is so grossly atavistic that a really massive crime often slips by unrecognized. The possibility of physical and mental collapse is very real. No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride.
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds! If you think we're in trouble now wait until you see what's happening in the elevators.
You never saw me before.
Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat!
It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
Would the presence of junkies account for all these uneaten french fries?
Why should I pay out my hard-earned dollars to watch a fucking corpse.
If I put you in the pool right now, you'd sink like a goddamn stone. You took too much.
Say whatever you want, fella.
I could smell the ugly brutes. Flee! Do me one last favor Lord: just give me five more high-speed hours before you bring the hammer down; just let me get rid of this goddamn car and off of this horrible desert.
Use all chains!
Good people!
Look you better put that blade away and get your head straight. I have to put the car in the lot. One of the things you learn, after years of dealing with drug people, is that you can turn your back on a person, but never turn your back on a drug. Especially when it's waving a razor-sharp hunting knife in your eyes.
All I need is a place to cook.
You people voted for Hubert Humphrey! You killed Jesus! The crowd broke ranks. Nobody wants to be run over by a Coupe de Ville.
I never rode in a convertible before! Is that right?
The racers were ready at dawn. Very tense. But the race didn't start until nine so we had three long hours to kill. Those of us who had been up all night were in no mood for coffee and donuts.
Because in spite of his race, this man is extremely valuable to me.
It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
I hope he doesn't die.
I wouldn't fault anybody for doing that.
A family member dies and you insult me.
There's a railroad strike.
I can't believe my brother's making me put myself in a position where I could get expelled. Selfish little moron.
Sloane's a bigger problem.
To show these kids that the example he sets is a first class ticket to nowhere.
There's an intruder, male caucasian, possibly armed, certainly weird, in our kitchen. My name is Bueller. It's real nice that you hope my brother's feeling better but I'm in danger, okay? I'm very cute, I'm very alone and I'm very protective of my body. I'd rather not have it violated or killed. I need help! Excuse me. If whoever's in the house is still in the house, I'd like you to know that I have just called the police. If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll get your ass out of my house real quick.
I'm not very political?
Pardon by French but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond. And Cameron would worry that he'd owe taxes on it.
Keep me posted, I'll want to send a gift.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything.
I'm glad for her, because she deserves.
Go wherever it takes you, remember.
My father never went to college, so it was really important that I go.
This isn't a for-real suicide thing. This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
'The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception.'Shhhhhh!
You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name.
No matter what else happens, I've got the sofa issue handled.
You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
between two and three-thirty this morning.
Losing all hope was freedom.
Every evening I died and every evening I was born again. Resurrected. Bob loved me because he thought my testicles were removed too. Being there, my face against his tits, ready to cry, this was my vacation.
Look at my face.
I hadn't slept in four days. But, in here, in everyone, there's the squint of a five-day headache. Yet they forced themselves to be positive. They never said'parasite;'they said'agent.'They always talked about getting better.
The lye combined with the melted fat of the bodies, till a thick white soapy discharge crept into the river. The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space. Without sacrifice, without death, we would have nothing. This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar. Tyler's kiss was a bonfire on the back of my hand.
Losing all hope was freedom.
On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
The third rule of fight club is, when someone says'stop'or goes limp, the fight is over. Fourth rule is, only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule, one fight at a time. Sixth rule, no shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule, fights go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule, if this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.
This isn't a for-real suicide thing. This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
Every time the plane banked too sharply on take-off or landing, I prayed for a crash, or a mid-air collision, anything. No more haircuts. Nothing matters, not even bad breath. Life insurance pays off triple if you die on a business trip.
The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide.
Well, if any ideas come to you, give me a call.
You know the drill. You said if anyone ever tries to interfere with Project Mayhem, even you, we got to get his balls.
A movie doesn't come in one big reel, it's on a few. In old theaters, two projectors are used, so someone has to change projectors at the exact second when one reel ends and another reel begins. Sometimes you can see two dots on screen in the upper right hand corner. They're called'cigarette burns.'It's called a'changeover.'The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name.
It's not my problem.
I was lost in oblivion, dark and silent and complete.
Fuck redemption.
For a second, I totally forgot about Tyler's whole controlled demolition thing and I wondered how clean this gun is.
So you can say,'Oh, that's what you do.', And be a smug little shit about it?
I don't want to die without any scars. How much can you really know about yourself if you've never been in a fight?
If I saw something like clever coffee table sin the shape of a yin and yang, I had to have it.
You're the Department of Transportation, and you discover that our company intentionally did nothing about leather seats cured in third world countries with chemicals we know cause birth defects? Brake linings that fail after a thousand miles. Fuel injectors that burn people alive. Just who the fuck do you think you are?
Look, this is a bad time.
If I didn't say anything, people assumed the worst. They cried harder. I cried harder. Tonight, we're going to open the green door, the heart chakra. I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around. And you open the door and you step inside. We're inside our hearts.
You could be cursed with the three terrible Karmas. You could be beautiful, rich and famous. Except for their humping, Tyler and Marla were never in the same room. I got this dress at a thrift store for one dollar.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
Whoa!
This chick was up on the table with her legs in the stirrups before the doctor even walked in the room.
Why do you think I blew up your condo?
I don't know if you're aware.
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time. You wake up at Air Harbor International. If you wake up at a different time and in a different place, could you wake up as a different person? Everywhere I travel, tiny life.
There you are, Mr. Durden.
The lye combined with the melted fat of the bodies, till a thick white soapy discharge crept into the river. The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space. Without sacrifice, without death, we would have nothing. This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar.
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee. These are my groups.
Even the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, proof they were crafted by the honest, simple, hard-working indigenous peoples of wherever.
You weren't alive anywhere like you were there.
When the fight was over, nothing was solved, but nothing mattered.
You give up the condo life, give up all your flaming worldly possessions, go live in a dilapidated house in the toxic waste part of town.
Like everyone else, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct.
You're the Department of Transportation, and you discover that our company intentionally did nothing about leather seats cured in third world countries with chemicals we know cause birth defects? Brake linings that fail after a thousand miles. Fuel injectors that burn people alive. Just who the fuck do you think you are?
Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it, Project Mayhem. The first rule of Project Mayhem is you do not ask questions. This is as much mine as yours.
You'll be occupied for weeks.
You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
The people who had power over you have less and less. By this point, I could wiggle most of the teeth in my jaw. A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough.
What is wrong with you?
As I squeeze past, do I give you the ass or the crotch?
If I didn't say anything, people assumed the worst. They cried harder. I cried harder. Tonight, we're going to open the green door, the heart chakra. I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around. .And you open the door and you step inside. We're inside our hearts.
They're tightly-regimented, with many cells capable of operating without a central leader.
Somebody called the cops.
You tried to capitalize. But I caught you, you fuck.
Plane crash. What You may not realize it, but we're all just a mouse that a cat has by its tail.
You're payin'for my trip, Browning!
that's my Everybody just stay where you Mr. Carpenter, keep an eye on are.
You tried to capitalize. But I caught you, you fuck.
And I fuckin'HATED FRENCH CLASS!
It may be valuable to our rescue attempts, or any potential.
No foul.
We say that the hour of death can not be forecast.
You have a responsibility to tell me.
Please tell me I'm gon na get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
I'm gettin'a vision!
Please tell me I'm gon na get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die.
If we can just survive long enough until that baby is born, we can, If you'll excuse me, I have a funeral to prepare.
Flesh and bone require 1,600 degrees for cremation.
Shit, they're the luckiest sons o'bitches on the planet. Get this guy Evan Shaeffer; Yesterday the kid wins the lotto and today some looney bitch b locks traffic and he avoids the worst pile up in years.
My turn to drive.
I know you didn't ask for any of this, Kimberly. But I don't think you have it in you to quit either.
You can't cheat Death; there Bullshit. You told me Death has a distinct design, a blueprint, unalterable. But Alex and I cheated Death not once, but dozens of times.
Shit, they're the luckiest sons o'bitches on the planet. Get this guy Evan Shaeffer; Yesterday the kid wins the lotto and today some looney bitch b locks traffic and he avoids the worst pile up in years.
I have to come in to test for STDs?
Wake up!
Remember, Bruce, fish are friends, not food!
Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
Well, hello, Nemo!
Don't listen to anything my sister says, she's nuts!
I forget things almost instantly. It runs in my family.or at least I think it does.
The human mouth is a disgusting place.
Let us all say the pledge.'I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food'. Except stinkin'dolphins. Dolphins!
Why don't we fry'em up now and serve them with chips!?
They're not your fish. They're my fish. Come on, go! Go on, shoo!
I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I died, I'm dead.
There's porifera, coelentera, hydrozoa, scyphozoa, anthozoa, ctenophora, bryozoas, three!
It's funny, it's spelled just like the word'escape'.
Whoa!
Let us all say the pledge.'I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food'. Except stinkin'dolphins. Dolphins!
You think you could do these things but you can't, Nemo!
Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
If this is some kind of practical joke, it's not funny! And I know funny.I'm a clownfish!
Well, apparently, I must've done something you all like.
Oh!
You tell him I'm not interested in being lunch!
Heh, would you look at that?
I have to find my son! I have to tell him how old sea turtles are! Woo-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-hoo!
Oh no, it's blocked!
That's the shortest red light I've ever seen!
It's actually shorter than all my other tentacles but you can't really tell.Especially when I twirl them like this.
I'll take care of them.
Uh.I'm just out of the shower. Can I borrow your towel for a minute?
Look!
Get that pig unfucked and get it in the treeline!
I would ask you once again to responsibility step aside and if you do not, I'm going to assure you.
I should have known it was just gon na be some bullshit hassle.
Didn't you say you were waiting for the Number Seven bus?
Well, that's what's left after me saying,'When I was in China on the All-America Ping-Pong Team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flex- O-Ping-Pong Paddle.'Which everybody knows it isn't true, but Momma says it's just a little white lie so it wouldn't hurt nobody.
Or maybe it was because she was so tired, because she went to bed and slept and slept like she hadn't slept in years. It was wonderful having her home. Every day we'd take a walk, and I'd jabber on like a monkey in a tree. And she'd listen about ping-pong and shrimpin'boats and Momma makin'a trip to heaven.
I should have known it was just gon na be some bullshit hassle.
You know, it's funny what a young man recollects.'Cause I don't remember being born. I, I. don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice.
You know, it's funny what a young man recollects.'Cause I don't remember being born. I, I. don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice. in the wide world. You can sit here if you want. I had never seen anything so beautiful in my life. She was like an angel.
I cut that grass for free. But at nighttime, when there was nothing to do and the house was all empty, I'd always think of Jenny. And then, she was there.
My momma always said,'Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gon na get.'Those must be comfortable shoes. I'll bet you could walk all day in shoes like that and not feel a thing.
Jenny, I'll write you all the time.
'But he wasn't quite sure.
That jumped up and bit you.
For the second time in seventeen days, President Ford escaped possible assassination today when a woman, Sarah Jane Moore, fired on him as he stepped out of a hotel in San Francisco.
Very modern. I'll have my people take care of it for you.
You freak!
That boy sure is a running fool. Now remember how I told you that Jenny never seemed to want to go home?
I'll bet you could walk all day in shoes like that and not feel a thing.
Haven't you ever seen a little boy with braces on his legs before? Don't ever let anybody tell you they're better than you, Forrest. If God intended everybody to be the same, he'd have given us all braces on our legs. Momma always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.
I wan na go home. Bubba was my best good friend. And even I know that ain't something you can find just around the corner. Bubba was gon na be a shrimpin'boat captain, but instead he died right there by that river in Vietnam.
'Yes, how many times must the cannonballs fly before they're forever banned.'You got ta lose the guitar, darling.
Run!
Harper.
Didn't your mama teach you that water strips a girl's lubrication? Sex in water is great in the movies, not in real life.
There's a needle from God knows where stuck in my leg, infecting me with God knows what, and finally, there's me walking out the fuckin'door right now!
There's a needle from God knows where stuck in my leg, infecting me with God knows what, and finally, there's me walking out the fuckin'door right now!
I could go on and on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop, wang, thang, hotrod.
I swear to God. When I think of all the times you were inside me promising me a better life, it makes me want to puke.
Diana, oh great one, we live without sun Until this wicked curse is undone. In hope that you live, and to us appear, I have collected a year's worth of tears.
I want you to pray for forgiveness, Theodore.
'When all of a sudden we flip on Steve McQueen and Peter Lorre bein'fuckin'badass.
Get your ass up here and call the police, because there's a dead body in my bed and it smells like shit and it looks even worse, and if you don't help us, my dad is gon na lay you down right next to her, I swear to fucking God! Go, sis. I'm coming up and if there isn't a dead body by the time I get there, I'll make one myself. You!
You know, it's nighttime and you wan na run around and act crazy. So what my babysitter did to make sure I'd go to sleep and not be tempted to get up, was, she'd take some of this vapor rub stuff. Can you smell this?
You ever stopped to consider how many times you change your underwear in a lifetime?
Hey, you.
You know what nobody understands about certain kinds of underpaid public service work? Now and then you get to put a fucking stake in a bad guy's heart. We're not supposed to talk about that when we visit a third-grade class on Career Day, and it doesn't get you very far into the country-club locker room - but it's hard to beat when you actually get to do it.
Dr. Kang, is it safe to say that someone inflicting this kind of wound intended to kill?
Unfortunately, the man is a tax-paying citizen, entitled by our Constitution to try and manipulate the legal system, like everybody else.
No human eye would ever see us again.
Open this door for no-one!
You're more lovely than I could ever have imagined.
You're not a killer.
Three days of fresh air and barbecue would do you some good, man.
You just never know when they're gon na pop up and bite you in the ass, Carl.
I'm gon na pick up some lanterns from the equipment shack.
Oh, shit.
There's better things to do with your life.
I'm Chris.
We could've been there already.if some people didn't have to go to the bathroom every five minutes.
Don't be a lightweight.this is top dollar toot.
Get me the police, this is an emergency. Use the combos and keep the feet light. Take your best shot, motherfucker.
You're dead meat, slime bag.
I say we regroup and find this motherfucker before he finds us. You'll do no.such thing and watch your mouth, young man!
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
Get me the police, this is an emergency. Use the combos and keep the feet light. Take your best shot, motherfucker.
Times up, Princess.
I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name.
Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool?
Well, it is. Just because I'm happy doesn't mean I'm on vacation. You're just not used to seein'me happy,'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin'years since I been happy. But my shit is forever together.
I'm simply saying that if I was scratching, and if I did scratch, it's not because I was signaling the cop, it's because I'm fuckin'scared shitless.
Aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory.
Hiker/Trucker bar, Dusk till Dawn The neon sign sits on top of the rudest, sleaziest, most crab-infested, strip joint, honky-tonk whorehouse in all of Mexico.
That's a matter of opinion, and I don't give a fuck about your's.
We may be in trouble.
All pussy must go.
Kate honey, I may be a bastard.
I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name.
We don't need those over priced roach havens.
Okay, I'll kill you when you change, I swear to God in Jesus Christ's name.
Stop the pain, stop the pain, stop the pain, stop the pain, stop the pain.
Both of Dan's legs shatter from the impact.
I don't even know you.
Jason and Gwen run through pitch blackness.
Strange, it looks like a child.
What now?
Well isn't this adorable. The actors have decided to play war with me.
You push it once, maybe twice for a boost but you don't HOLD it.
It's the simple things In life you treasure.
This way.
Sir, we apologize for operating in low power mode, but we are experiencing a reflective flux field this close to the galactic axis.
Say the word, and we'll all go home and feed the fish and pay the bills and fall asleep with the t.v. on and miss out on THIS.
It has been my greatest honor to serve with you. LIving by your example these years, my life has had meaning.
I don't think that's a cloud.
Never surrender!
Here, have some gum, It helps.
'Sense memory.
Regional theater with Hoffman. But I swear to God I have never met an actor who could hit his mark, or nail his lines with the professional consistency of a Freddy Kwan.
I am SO SICK of being right. Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy.
I think they're magnetic!
Never give up, never surrender!
Listen, I'm not even supposed to BE here. I'm just Crewman # 6. I'm expendable. I'm the guy in the episode who dies to prove that the situation is serious!
However our past efforts in this regard have been nothing short of disastrous. The flames, the death.
Listen, they're telling me that the generators won't take it, the ship's breaking apart and all that.
I don't believe this, it's insane.
My apologies.
Well, there you are! You are the first people to see the lost GALAXY QUEST episode 52 two parter since it was originally aired in'82! As most of you know, no concluding episode was filmed when the series was cancelled, so one episode was never included in the syndication run.
It's just a bunch of fake sets, and wooden props, do you understand?
So our plan is simply to wait for nightfall instead of mounting an insane assault in full daylight simply because we did it that way in episode 31.'As I was saying.
It's a lifetime's work. It may be work but it's not honest work.
Know what Mother said to me?
He goes to the theater armed.
I understand opening- night jitters, but you've got one of the great actors in American theater starring in your play.
You get older, you Nhave other things.
A slice of a second is the difference between living and dying out there.
Blow me.
Oh, God.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it, always. When you are in doubt that that is God's way, the way the world is meant to be.
The world is full of people who will despise what's happening here.
I hope it will not stand between us as men.
After what they did at the massacre, it's only an eye for an eye. An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
They had your Mr. Gandhi cut off from the press but last month his personal secretary died and they've let up on the restrictions. Yes, I have heard of Life Magazine. I have even heard of Margaret Bourke- White. But I don't know why either should be interested in an old man sitting in prison when the world is blowing itself to pieces. You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
You must understand, gentlemen, that His Majesty's Government, and the British people, repudiate both the massacre and the philosophy that prompted it. What I would like to do is to come to some compromise over the new civil legis, If you will excuse me, Your Excellency, it is our view that matters have gone beyond'legislation.'We think it is time you recognized that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle. It is time you left. With respect, Mr. Gandhi, without British administration, this country would be reduced to chaos.
If I'm taken, Maulana is to lead the march.
You're a very small minority to take on the Government, and the Empire. If you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
The blood stays on the blade, son.
And this is mine.
But the smart man could go higher.
You boys settle with me before you settle each other.
Use a knife.
I'm on a drug maintenance program, blood thinners, diet I just want you to know what you'd be getting yourself into.
Last year over one thousand citizens from every walk of life embarked on some space mission or other. Besides, selection for Jerome was virtually guaranteed at birth. He is blessed with all the physical and intellectual gifts required for such an arduous undertaking, a genetic quotient second to none. No, there is truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome Morrow, except that I am not Jerome Morrow.
God, even you want to tell me what I can't do.
If you're still interested, let me know.
If you're still interested, let me know.
I just lent you my body you lent me your dream.
The gun he means.
Gerald Fletcher wants a word with you Cyril.
Nothing.
You bloody whore. Frank was too careful to die like that.
Make us a nice cup of tea and I'll tell you.
Listen, I don't like it when some hard nut comes pushing his way in and out my house in the middle of the night.
I want you to listen very carefully.
Stand up, Eric.
Frank?
Well.
My hearing is not what it was. It sounded like you said you want me to preach at your funeral party with you sitting there?
I guess for everyone like me, there's one like you, son.
some kinda pop nine, the fuckin'Fiat of guns, always jammin'at the wrong time.
He happens to be loaning me five hundred grand, no strings, I write any kind of agreement I want.
So let me put it this way This is the project, Mr. Lovejoy.
So whatta you say we start all over and you tell me exactly what the fuck is goin'on? These guys, my investors, they run a limo service, came to me originally, put money in a few of my pictures and did okay, they're happy.
I hear you had quite an experience.
Last night I watched two guys carjack a Camero down on the corner of Argyle there.
With or without my help.
The dipshit who's never been out've Miami.
I'm sitting here, I'm looking at you and I'm having these flashes.
Or you gon na finally help me out, have a word with your dry cleaner when you find him.
I produce feature motion pictures, no TV.
Look at me.
Cat?
Listen, doll, you might wan na come by Cedars tonight and visit Harry.
Mr. Lovejoy.
I wan na make movies. I mean, what's the point of living in L.A. if you're not in the movie business? And I mean high up in it. That's why Harry's gon na make Mr. Lovejoy with me, not Chili Palmer.
You feel something under your ass it's the key to a locker where your half a million is.
Look, I didn't come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass. You follow me?
You want me to do something for you.
Seventeen miles from Lexington.
Look, I didn't come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass. You follow me?
The first thing they'd do is break my legs. You got that on the brain, Harry. If you're so scared of'em why'd you take their money to Vegas to begin with? Because I need half a million to buy a script.
Hey, waiter, give Mr. Chili Pepper a big fuckin'bowl of chili!
Help me now, they'll never bother you again.
You think I fell? You think I jumped?
I need you to put that in the third floor file cause I got a transfusion to make.
You never know.
You don't know that.
Listen to this one:'Do you remember me?
Guess!
We still have to go in there sometime.
Well, mostly archival research, cataloguing old records and writing liner notes for their CD reissues.
Great.
Oh I love to cook. I guess most women wouldn't invite a man over on the first date, but I believe you should trust your instincts.
I'm not holding my breath in that department.
Hey look, there's Norman!
Now that's one ugly dude.
The guy's going nuts.
You get enough negative energy flowing in a dense environment like Manhattan, it starts to build up, and if we don't do something fast this whole place will blow like a frog on a hotplate.
Are you nuts?
Feel free to try something stupid.
Norman, I'm a pushover.
Try the stockyards.
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you.
Oh dear.
You want one clean stroke.
All my desires are splitting my head to pieces, there's so much I want to do, but all my efforts to show my children they are loved go unappreciated by those dragons in the Senate, Quiet, brother.
I shall live with my sin for all my days.
I was a General.
If only you had been born a man.
All they do is run around not mating! YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH I will make it up to you, Master.
Whisper to them in their sleep that I live only to hold them again and all else is dust and air. Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me. I search the faces of the Gods for ways to please you. to make you proud. and I can never do it. One kind word, one full hug where you pressed me to your chest and held me tight, would have been like the sun on my heart for a thousand years.
If the dream is ever to live again the people must have a true voice.
Ah.
You want to learn the first rule you'd know if you ever spent a day in your life.you never open your mouth till you know what the shot is. You fucking child. You are a shithead, Williamson.
You ever take a dump made you feel you'd just slept for twelve hours?
I was cut out to be a salesman. And now I'm back, and I got my balls back.and, you know, John, you have the advantage on me now: Whatever it takes to make it right, we'll make it right.
Fuckin'asshole. What, they beat you with a rubber bat? Cop couldn't find his dick two hands and a map. Anyone talks to this guy's an asshole.
Fuck. FUCK FUCK FUCK!
I don't care whose nephew you are, who you know, whose dick you're sucking on. You're going out, I swear to you, you're going.
We're down to chewable aspirin.
And none of us are going to want to be talking about it.
I see black because I know I am.
Gay men are so hot.
I'll take Baja.
Three eighty.
I am not a bathroom attendant!
I think my girlfriend watches your show.
I've tried calling and writing.
Hey Mikey; telephone. Some dame.
On a day like this.
You know the old man doesn't want that.
I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection. No worries about operations, is that what you tell me? If you think two million dollars in cash is just finance, I congratulate you Don Corleone.
Go do your job; take a walk around the neighborhood. see everything is okay.
Mike.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.See, I learned it. Now teach me to drive!
I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
Why do they bother him on a day like this? Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
Maybe you better stay inside.
Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government. Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
This is my boy, and my wife.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you. I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home. When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there.
I want it met.
I know that; but who gave the go ahead.
Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that. Now, explain everything to me. Anthony, ole buddy, your Uncle Fredo's gon na teach you how to catch the big fish. You know, when I was a kid, I did this amazing thing. I went out on a fishing trip; me and my brothers and my Pop, and no one could catch a fish except me. And this was my secret: Every time I would put the line down I would say a & quot; Hail Mary & quot; and every time I said a & quot; Hail Mary & quot; I would catch a fish.
I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting. Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
Frankie, you were always interested in politics, in history.
I am a retired investor on a pension, and I wished to live there as a Jew in the twilight of my life.
My only regret is that there could not have been more warning.
We have here a witness who will testify further on Michael Corleone's rule of the criminal empire that controls gambling in this country and perhaps in other countries.
Were you under the Caporegime Peter Clemenza, under Vito Corleone, known as the Godfather? I never knew no Godfather. I got my own family. Mr. Pentangeli, you are contradicting your confessions to our investigators; I ask you again, were you a member of a crime organization headed by Michael Corleone?
My life as a game of strip poker.
They took me out of school when I was fourteen and put me in a factory. They meant no harm. They were like a family of farmers who've been given a giraffe, and don't know what to do with the creature except harness him to the plow. Hatred was the only thing that kept my soul alive in that soul-killing place. And among those men I hated was my own poor, dumb father. Who put me in that hell to begin with.
Let me lie here.
Too warm for a sweater, anyway.
An occasion to remember for the rest of my days.
The house of Frankenstein. I thought you'd live in a spooky old mansion or villa. One likes to live simply. I know. People's movies aren't their lives. Love dead. Hate living. That's my favorite line in my favorite movie of yours.
That you were forced to retire because, uh, a sex scandal.
You must think the whole world is queer.
The bells of hell go ting-a-ling For you but not for me.
More so now that I think we all want to feel we've left our mark on the world.
You caused more damage than that thing did!
There's no Ranger game on tonight.
Somebody make up your mind! Take central park!
That's a lot of fish.
Some type of enormous reptile the likes of which we haven't seen since the age of prehistoric dinosaurs.
Who the hell are all these people?
The good news is they got the message. The bad news is we've got five and a half minutes to get out of the building.
Gentlemen, keep your ears to the grindstone.
Hey, how's it goin'?
Well, let's get started.
I'm tired. You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin'there and the captain comes on and is like'we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet,'and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says'man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee.'So the stewardess goes runnin'up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes'don't forget the coffee!'You've never been on a plane. I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin'next door to me, comin'over watchin'the fuckin'Patriots'games and still workin'construction, I'll fuckin'kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact.
And we get to choose who we're going to let into out weird little worlds. You're not perfect. And let me save you the suspense, this girl you met isn't either. The question is, whether or not you're perfect for each other. You can know everything in the world, but the only way you're findin'that one out is by giving it a shot. You sure won't get the answer from an old fucker like me.
I've been sitting over there for forty-five minutes waiting for you to come talk to me.
You're a pretty funny guy.
A cute, little ancillary benefit for them but it ain't helping my buddy at two-fifty a gallon. And naturally they're takin'their sweet time bringin'the oil back and maybe even took the liberty of hiring an alcoholic skipper who likes to drink seven and sevens and play slalom with the icebergs and it ain't too long'til he hits one, spills the oil, and kills all the sea-life in the North Atlantic.
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a'shrink kit'that comes with all these volumes included?
Hey, kid! Get me a seven and seven.
Son of a bitch. I don't need this bullshit.
If she insisted, I had to drive her home for her goddamn hat. I threw the package in the kitchen and went to take her hone. One move, motherfucker, and I'll blow you away. For a second I thought I was dead, but when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops, only cops talk that way. If they had been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing.
At thirteen, I was making more money than most of the grownups in the neighborhood. I had more money than I could spend. I had it all. One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home for her.
To me, being a gangster was better than being President of the United States.
They're right.
We had money coming in through my Pittsburgh people and after a while even the Lufthansa thing began to calm down. But the thing that made Jimmy so happy that morning was that this was the day Tommy was being made.
When Henry picked me up, I was dizzy. I Don't know. I don't know if I could live that way. What if, God forbid, you go to prison. Mickey said Jeannie's husband, Are you nuts? Jeannie's husband went to the can just to get away from her, she's such a pain in the ass. Let me tell you. Nobody goes to jail unless they want to, unless they make themselves get caught. They do stuff with the wrong people. They don't have things organized. You know who goes to jail? Nigger stickup men. That's who. And they only get caught because they fall asleep in the getaway car.
I didn't say a thing.
You broke your cherry! By the time I grew up, there was thirty billion a year in cargo moving through Idlewild Airport and we tried to steal every bit of it.
In the summer when they played cards all night, nobody ever called the cops.
The first time I was introduced to them all at once, it was crazy. Paulie and his brothers had lots of sons and nephews and almost all of them were named Peter or Paul. It was unbelievable. There must have been two dozen Peters and Pauls at the wedding. Plus, they were all married to girls named Marie, and they named all their daughters Marie.
You broke your cherry! By the time I grew up, there was thirty billion a year in cargo moving through Idlewild Airport and we tried to steal every bit of it.
Tommy, it's not just this.
This is good, Chloe.
I understand you're upset.
Great, another asshole with a fetish for Asian girls. God, it gets so old. What's your name, girl? My name? It's take your crude, overly obvious come-on to every woman who walks past and cram it.'That's my name. You should keep your bitch on a leash, put a choke chain on this whore and yank.
The problem is I think you're an overeducated, 27-year-old virgin who holds the hands of superstitious old women and promises them eternity.
There, you look like a human being again.
Okay.
The girls go to college, the boys go to jail. Old hag, giving me the evil eye? Walt opens the paper to the TV guide section and lingers at the HOROSCOPES for a second.
I worked in a Ford plant for thirty years and my son sells goddamned Japanese cars.
At least he didn't say anything this time.
Great, another asshole with a fetish for Asian girls.
Mr. Kowalski.
Christ all Friday.
Oh, Doctor, you are a Doctor, I am I know, I know, when a man's collar is an inch too big for him, I know he is ill.
nothing ever happens. Good little girl, nice ones?
The steering lock is on.
That's what I always say.
See those people and discover what they mean to you.
Boxes.
You couldn't turn me in because of Doctor-Patient privilege.
I'm hungry, are you hungry, I'm hungry, oooh, ooh. Hi, I'm Martin Blank, remember me? I'm not married, I have no kids and I'd blow your brains out if someone paid me enough.
I was sitting in my house on prom night wearing that Goddamned rented tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a bottle of champagne in the other. So I was just sitting there, and then the whole night flashed before my eyes, and it struck me like a bullet in the head I realized, finally, and for the first time, that. I wanted to kill somebody. So I figured because I loved you so much, that'd it'd be a good idea if I didn't see you anymore.
Against the wind. let the cowboy's ride!
What am I gon na do?
Phil can see he's telling the truth and relaxes his grip on the poor man.
'
Because some people like blueberry waffles.
For Channel 9 news, this is Phil Connors.
Man, oh man, this is gon na be good. If God gave men brains bigger than dogs', they wouldn't hump womens'legs at cocktail parties.
I think we've got a hacker.
Jesus, I got ta save all your asses. I help, we can do it in five minutes, man.
I wan na triple the RAM.
The virus goes off tomorrow morning at 10:30, and those hackers tried to get into our system again.
I didn't know your size, so I guessed.
Listen to this bullshit.'This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals.
Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
We have a Zero Bug attacking all the login and overlay files.
Oh, shit!
And never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap. IF it weren't run by a bunch of profiteering gluttons! Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!
A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love.
FYI, alright man, you can sit at home, and do like absolutely nothing and. and your name goes through like seventeen computers a day.
.and Eugene Belford, Computer Security Officer. Son of a BITCH!
It's not just the chip, it has a PCI bus.
For those late night hacks.
You leave her alone.
I couldn't if I tried. The only thin that ever bothers me is their jibberish.
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
Will you call me tomorrow?
I don't think this is any time to be funny.
The joke is over.
I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes.
I've listened to it for a decade.
Michael Myers is an invalid.
Everybody's dead.
Why?
Somebody's kid?
Jesus.
Not ever.
Welcome to Hell.
He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way.
If you didn't find him in four hours, I'm sure I will.
Open our eyes and show us the Chosen One to whom we offer this sacrifice of Innocent Blood.
You stinkin'kids got three seconds to get the hell off my property!
Now it's just a matter of time before he comes home to kill again.
Come to me, Danny.
I'd better get Danny to school. She don't show her face for five years, then expects us to roll out the red carpet. You think going to college is gon na make up for your mistakes, girl?
Sometimes we argue because I can't break up my marriage. Sometimes we wind up making love and.we both feel terrible. But it's my fault. For all my education, accomplishments, and so-called wisdom.I can't fathom my own heart.
I mean, you're gon na die, I'm gon na die, the audience is gon na die, the network's gon na The sponsor.
You know, you've been very nervous lately.
God!
I mean, you're gon na die, I'm gon na die, the audience is gon na die, the network's gon na The sponsor. Everything! I know, I know, and your hamster.
Of course there's a God, you idiot! You don't believe in God? But if there's a God, then wh-why is there so much evil in the world?
I'll turn to a movie and take an extra Seconal.
All my life I've had to put up with insults.
I think your condescension is even better. We have more in common than you think, Wendy dear. I loved summer camp when I was young and I love it now. It's important. Between school, family, friends, pot, playstations, basic cable, and the goddamn Internet, it's possible to go your whole life without listening to your soul.
If you met yourself as a child, would you hug her and say everything's going to be okay.
You have to be hurt in order to heal! Today is the first day I can truly call myself Counselor! Adam, on behalf of the sensitive, peace loving counselors, you have our permission to kill him. Make it look like an accident. Or don't. Much like a little boy who throws sand at the girl in the sandbox because he likes her, Wichita had helped turn the mountain into a rumbling volcano that had almost given Wendy a nervous breakdown.
Before I told you how I cried when Peepers died. I never told anyone that before. And this Peepers was your.dog? If it makes you feel better, I probably wasn't paying attention. That doesn't make me feel better! Why are you being like this? Don't raise your voice at I gave you the ultimate male fantasy sex, nothing on the side.
Now that were in the middle of nowhere, aren't you a little curious to know what it'd be like to.
Or me.
I'm gon na hear one of two things out of you. Either I'm gon na hear you say you're in with us, or.
Somebody hand me a cue. That's for my wife. Fuck you and die. I want Dunne and the others here. That goddamn Storm is nuts enough to come after me, He's nuts, but not that nuts.
I'm up to here with caution! This lives on alfalfa sprouts and bean curd, he ain't gon na die of natural cause. All I'm counseling is a little patience.
I got half a mind to come out there and teach you sonofabitch Now you got half a mind, old man.
That goddamn Storm is nuts enough to come after me, He's nuts, but not that nuts. Sonofabitch. How does it feel to know you're about to die? I'll give you more time than you and Trent gave my wife.
They love this kinda shit. If that guy goes off half-cocked and gets himself hurt, you're going to have so much bad publicity, you.
As Confucius says,'Don't simply be good. Make good things happen.'Did Confucius say that?
Well, not all the southwest.
Shot myself in the face once with a popgun and a pellet of blood.
Those damn politicians in Washington chalked them up on our side and the wars ever since have been a national disgrace. Hell, look at history. The two best wars this country has fought were against the Jerries.
My mother set it up.
Well, if some people are upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, then I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder - I'm sort of breaking it easy, Here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to < u > things < /u >.
I love you!
Possession of a stolen shovel.
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves.
The bitter dregs of Fortune's cup to drain - The Iliad.
I mean, there is no reason for that kind of dishonesty, is there?
You want me to take it down?
Because I want to settle him up and get rid of this jagoff right now.
You never wanted a normal-type life?
I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen.
Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free. You stupid cunt! You goddamn bitch!
I'm feeling kind of superior tonight. Seven high schools in seven states and the only thing different was my locker combination. We've broke through the peer pressure cooker. So what if we had to kill Miss Popularity. So what? Don't smile like that, Jesus! Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee.'And she's buying the stairway to heaven.'I'm not belittling the Famine Fund Peter, but we're talking teen suicide!
I'm sure your friends are happy to hear that.
God, come on Veronica!
I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked. Ronnie!
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Color me nauseous.
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. The most popular people in the school are dead.
Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make. Get a job.
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school was society.
I don't believe this.
Ah, young love.
Oh God, here we go.
I'm not drinking that piss.
Hey, even Bob Geldof's got to eat. If it makes you feel better, bag the fries, and nab yourself an Apple Pie. If you're going to openly be a bitch.
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen.
I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen.
I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen.
Now that you're dead, what are you gon na do with your life?
I knew that.
But if this was like a suicide thing. Like a suicide thing?
Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free. You stupid cunt! You goddamn bitch!
Will somebody please tell me why I read this spy crap. Because you're an idiot.
You're just so hot tonight.
It took them two years to drain all the muck out. Cheer up! All the best people have bad chests and bone diseases! It's all frightfully romantic!
I have never in my life seen anything in the same category of hideousness.
Affairs are much more exciting than marriages.
Only the best people fight against all obstacles. in pursuit of happiness.
You'd better put me name down for an advance copy! chuckles.
People die every day.
My New Year's resolution is a far more selfish one than last year, so there is more probability of my keeping it. It is to make my motto:'Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may be dead.'walks in, waving a letter.
Do you feel sweaty? I feel sweaty. It's a three-act story with a tragic end. Your mother is a rather miserable woman.
Orson Welles! The most hideous man alive!
Well, you may not believe this, but I'm from another world - from a place called Earth.
I got an angle. But the most we can hope for is to get ya buried in secrecy so yer grave don't get violated!
They tell me you are Den of Earth, the one who dared to steal the female sacrifice from the Queen. This guy was a shrimp so I figured I'd play it tough.
Grant me your strength in return for a living mortal sacrifice! It has been ordained.
Drunken blue men fight in the streets, strange animals run around loose, and dead or drunken bodies lie in the gutters. Barbarian honky-tonk music fills the crowded room, as various barbarian soldiers sit drinking and fondling the bar-girls who are dressed in cheap, flashy metal outfits.
I wouldn't live there if you paid me.
If you refuse, you die, she dies, everybody dies.
Ah, typical robot. The first Earth-chick we see in ten years, and he's got ta make a play for her.
Mmmm.
Yer as guilty as a cat in a goldfish bowl.
You do the job,r'else I turn you over, I drop a fucken dime on you, you're so hot, I on'y got to dial five digits.
.and then where's Pinky?
You wan na play the dozens. Here you go: They called, there was a bookkeeping error at the Hospital, you died at birth.
You do the job,r'else I turn you over, I drop a fucken dime on you, you're so hot, I on'y got to dial five digits.
Kirsty?
I have a whole new world of puzzles for you to enjoy.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
No more delays, Kirsty.
I know.
B & E.
She's been like this since it happened.
You're taking me for a walk! The NYPD has yet to issue a statement.
Death becomes the fertile ground.'Didn't I kill you already?
'In absentia luci, tenebrae vinciunt.''In the absence of light, darkness prevails.'For there are things that go bump in the night, Agent Myers.
You shouldn't hit people!
equipped with powerful arms, a head full of tentacles and two well-muscled hind legs. Most of its face is hidden, but the jaws are shiny with blood.
Guardian of thresholds, destroyer of worlds.
You, are very sick, I don't want Hellboy to know, Sixty years ago Abe, they tried to destroy the world.
You killed my father Give your soul to God, Your ass is mine.
Best photo of my career, and no one has ever seen it.
You're kidding Those comics, They never got the eyes right.
Hey! I'm on your side!
Death becomes the fertile ground.'Didn't I kill you already?
Oh, my God.
The past, the future, whatever this object holds.
Bitch!
I only want to touch.
I'd better go look for her.
It's a waste of good suffering.
Explorers in the further regions of experience. Demons to some. Angels to others.
You bitch.
Jesus Christ.
It's better you see for your- self - Where the hell did you come from?
You've been recruited as a soldier in another man's war.
The deal we were offered was this: three more souls in exchange for the life of the unborn child inside Kirsty. The three souls had already been picked out. Needless to say we were very impressed. Two of your favorite companions, most supple and delicious as you already know. And the man you had at one time conspired to kill Kirsty with. Until you found out she was with child.
I would have come in sooner but I had an important errand to run last night.
Happy are they who come to my supper.
Elliott!
It all started right here in Queens, Jim, at World of Donuts about one year ago today, when local garbage man, Simon Grim, put pencil to paper and began to compose what many have come to regard as vicious, antisocial and pornographic poetry, 112 lines of unrhymed free meter verse which would one day serve to spark the flames of controversy across the nation and, indeed, the world.
I am not retarded.
I am not gettin'a job!
Why not!
Because certain work needs to be experienced all at once in order for one to appreciate the full force of its character.
Now, they wan na burn us at the stake!
The details of my exploits are only a pretext for a far more expansive consideration of general truths.
Dear Mr Grim, we here at the magazine consider ourselves and the publication open-minded and cutting edge and have consistently printed the work of the most brilliant and farseeing young talent of the day. Every week we are forced to return writing which we can not for one reason or another publish and include a brief but polite refusal.
I'll stop there on my way back from work.
Do what you're good at.
Well, the thing about life is. it gets weird. See people are always gon na be talking to you about'truth.'Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit. Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another. So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's < u > your < /u > bullshit, so to speak.
Have you ever heard more bullshit and drivel from somebody who wasn't President?
Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your Captain.
In doing that I endangered the lives of hardworking policemen and firemen who attempted to rescue me, not to mention the life of my dear friend, Bernard LaPlante.
So what happens if you get happy? And yes I know that's the title of an Elvis Costello album, I use the reference deliberately to catch your attention. Should we split up because I'm used to you being miserable? What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success?
My genius, if I can call it that, is to combine a whole load of averageness into one compact frame. You might say there were millions like me, but there aren't, really: Alot of guys have impeccable music taste but don't read, alot of guys read but are really fat, alot of guys are sympathetic to women but have stupid beards, alot of guys have a Woody Allen sense of humor but look like Woody Allen. Some drink too much, some drive like assholes, some get into fights, or show off money, or do drugs. I don't do any of these things, really. If I do okay with women it's not because of the virtues I have, but because of the ugly flaws I don't have.
Books, records, films, these things matter. Call me shallow but it's the damn truth, and by this measure I was having one of the best dates of my life.
It's funny, violent, and the soundtrack kicks fucking ass.
If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
My relationship with Alison Ashworth lasted six hours. The two hours after school and before The Rockford Files, three days in a row. On the fourth afternoon. Kevin Bannister. It would be nice to think that since I was fourteen, times have changed, relationships have become more sophisticated, females less cruel, skins thicker, but there still seems to be an element of that afternoon in everything that has happened to me since. All my other romantic stories seem to be a scrambled version of that first one.
There is no way she likes that song. Or is she in a coma?
I start to remember things now: His stupid clothing, his music, Latin, Bulgarian, whatever fucking world music was trendy that week stupid laugh, awful cooking smells. I can't remember anything good about him at all. I never liked him much then, and I fucking hate him now. I manage to block out the worst, most painful, most disturbing memory of him until I go to bed.
Now that's more like it, if you're talking about rejection: someone who won't even return your phone messages a decade after she rejected you. Can I help you?
It'll have to be sex, then.
This is one of Hell's very own.
You look like shit.
Something roils under Kase's controlled exterior.
You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
Hildy, will you ever forget the night you brought the Governor back to your hotel room and found me taking a bath? She didn't even know I was in town.
You crumbs have been making a fool out of me long enough!
Forget the other offer and I'll raise you twenty-five bucks a week.
Well, I meant to let you go, but, you know, you never miss the water till the well runs dry. A fellow your age, hiring an airplane to write:'Hildy: Don't be hasty, remember my dimple.
And you know it!
Well, you practically did! Making goo-goo eyes at me for two years till I broke down. And I still claim I was tight the night I proposed. If you'd been a gentleman you'd have forgotten all about it. But not you! You, you You're losing your eye. You used to be able to pitch better than that.
Oh God! You wan na see God? I'll show you God. I'm gon na find everyone in your family and kill them-.
Why not invite all your friends to supper, Grandpa. I have no friends, only relations.
I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I think we have a time machine.
I can give you many political answers Paul but the truth is that Africa is not worth a single vote to all of them: French, British, Americans. You have to get out of there, Paul. I will do whatever I can. There will be no rescue, no intervention force. We can only save ourselves. Call any foreigner you know, tell them what will happen to us.
Oh God.
That old bitch hog don't know shit. He tells cute little tattle-tales to sell his junk, but he don't sell no Yankee boys no truth.
Me and Bill found a kick ass place.
Ladies and Germs.
I guess if I had to choose I'd say. mmmmmm.
Christ, you scared the shit out of me.
Great.
I don't know.
Could we have a word?
Ever seen one that starts at the top?
Oh, Jesus.
Jesus.
The House is alive and we're all gon na die.
Schecter, what the hell does it mean?
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
You've held up your end of the deal.
Hiccup slowly shakes his head in warning.
It's a problem without an answer.
If we find the nest and destroy it, the dragons will leave.
This fixes everything.
Wrong head.
Whoa!
Viking men and women pour out into the streets, axes in hand.
Behind these doors are just a few of the many species you will learn to fight.
A blast takes the axe head off of Hiccup's hilt, leaving a smoking hole behind him.
Everything we know about you guys is wrong.
The flock of dragons fall into rank, funneling through a crack, and zipping through a winding tunnel. It gives way to a vast, steamy inner chamber, tiered with pocky shelves. Dragons of all breeds lay about, nested in hordes. The arriving dragons fly in, dropping the fish and game into a central pit, glowing red and shrouded in mist.
Wrong head.
For God's sake, chain this convict. Alfred, you're a very polite psychopath, but if you.
I just don't think it was a smoking hot idea to leave them up there alone.
The man knows, the man knows! So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison?
Listen, I'd rather go back in than whore for you.
Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man. Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex. Jail, you asshole! Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out! Bunny, Ball-Ball! I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career! I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom!
A little rewind and re-wire action and the Guards are going to be watching a rerun and miss out on our exciting episode.
Some of us warthogs are more constipated than others.
If you think I'm doing another.
You fucked my freedom for a lousy job!
He had been committed the previous year after applying one too many times at our local zoo for the job of'apprentice ape.'My father saw what the human race had come to while he was. in captivity. He felt something had to be done to create a better world. He stole little me from my mother, his ex-wife, and raised me, with love and tenderness and respect, as an ape like himself. Apes don't assassinate their presidents, gentlemen. Until quite recently I believed myself to be an ape, although I didn't know specifically what type. Apes don't think in terms of type. It might be argued, gentlemen, that apes don't even know that they are apes. In retrospect, however, I'd say that I was a pygmy chimp. I have to say I always hated apes.
I'm freezing my ass off.
I will not be your little Mademoiselle Parlez-vous side dish.
The creature shakes him like a rag doll and flings him 50 feet down the field.
You must have dialed the wrong number.
Too many people.
If you're not going to tell the truth, I am. Your dad kidnapped you last night and the police found you sleeping in a seedy park a hundred miles from here.
Well that's one way of looking at it.
People like you don't know. People like me? People like you don't know, don't know what hurt feels like, people like you don't feel, don't feel anything. You think you got the market cornered on human suffering? Well let me tell you something about'People like me.'People like me feel little and lost and ugly and dispensable. People like me have perfect husbands screwing someone far more perfect than me and my son, my son hates me, I try too hard and I push and he knows it and I talk in that voice, that voice I promised I'd never use, and I've screamed, I've screamed horrible things to him, a five year-old because he doesn't want to get in the car at the end of a day and he stares at me with such anger and I hate him then. I know I'm failing you, I know I'm disappointing you, I know you deserve better but get in the fucking car! It's like every morning I wake up and fail, and I look around and anybody, anybody can pull it off, but somehow I can't. And I know, I know I have everything, and I'm still miserable and it's pathetic.
I think in other ways I'm smarter than her.
Oh my God.
Makes you do all sorts of things you never thought you'd do before.
Makes you do all sorts of things you never thought you'd do before.
Call us names?
Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first. Why are you being like this?
I've never seen a dead body before.
I don't like to fish.
I'm Mrs. Rand, Wesley's mother.
I might have had some notion, that they were strange and frightening, and perhaps a little funny. But I have walked with a Zombie It all began in such an ordinary way, I'd just finished working on a case in Ottawa.a little boy who'd broken both legs. It was one of those cases with traction frames and constant care, nicely complicate with a pair of hysterical parents. When he was all well I had to find another job. That's a nurse's life for you.
Whatever it is, it's normal enough for someone in your situation.
Sow enough seeds of fear and doubt that the fat arses at the BBC dither till after the vote, okay? After the vote Enola Gay is cleared for take- off and everything is groovy. I love you. Do not move from this spot or I'll fucking stab you.
preventable sickness in many of the poorest countries round the world.and Of course the big one is diarrhoea, which is a major, major issue.
Well, I'm too young for this shit. Page 122 I should be out there having a youth. Getting high, making women pregnant.
I am standing my ground on the verge.
That the war is a resigning issue for you. You can't say it's a resigning issue.
Just most of you lot tend to be called Dan, or Danny, so it's always worth a punt.
Weel listen, darling, why don't you fucking scuttle off back to fucking Cranford and play around with your tea and cake and horse cocks.
Actually while we're on Any Other Business I do have a few points I'd like to resolve.
You are supposed to be a Cabinet Minster.
Who let the dogs out?
You know the phrase,'I'm too old for this shit?
You won't be able to forget me because I'll be sitting here staring at you.
Hey, you wan na see them? This is vault, or as some of us have come to call it, the & quot; freak show. & quot; When we found them they were wearing bio-mechanical suits.
Look at me, I look like a schlemiel.
Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me.
Oh shit, we're late.
If we don't strike soon, there may not be much of an America left to defend.
You don't want to die a virgin, do you? What makes you think I'm a virgin?
I don't know, badly. You know, you're just like your mother.
A toast to the end of the world.
Look at me, like a rock. Good weather, bad, doesn't matter. We can go up and down, back and forth, side to side.
Love was never our problem. All you need is love.
How does one get off this thing?
I'm almost free.
How does one get off this thing?
Don't take that tone with me, my good man.
Is it for His glory, or for yours?
I had a milk shake. Hmmm.
You don't disappoint, Doctor Jones.
The search for the Cup of Christ is the search for the divine in all of us. But if you want facts, Indy, I have none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.
Ready to go down in history?
And we have many tapestries. But if you're a Scottish lord, then I am Mickey Mouse.
She ransacked her own room and I fell for it.
No, fish make love in it.
Compensation for my brother-in- law's car.
So forget any ideas you've got about lost cities, exotic travel, and digging up the world. Eve do not follow maps to buried treasure and'X'never, ever, marks the spot.
As you can see, the Grail is all but in our hands. However, Your Highness, we would not think of crossing your soil without your permission, nor of removing the Grail from your borders without suitable compensation.
I don't like fast women.
In the belly of that steel beast.
I was chosen because I was the bravest and the most worthy. The honor was mine until another came to challenge me to single combat. I pass it to you who vanquished me.
Ah, they set out across the desert this afternoon.
We have got it.
Well, like yourself, Doctor Jones, I have a passion for antiquities.
Unfortunately she kept her illness from me until all I could do was mourn her.
Oh, rats.
No, fish make love in it.
Doctor Schneider There're pages torn out of thisl This book contained a mapa map with no namesprecise directions from the unknown city to the secret Canyon of the Crescent Moon.
Indy, looks out behind you! Let my friends go! You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones. You want the stones, let them go and call off your guards! Impressive, Dr. Jones. But I don't believe you would kill yourself!
Dr. Jones, it our country a guest does not usually insult his host.
Mola Ram, you're about to meet Kali, in Hell!
The pain, the pain makes him wake up! Indy! I can make Indy wake up! Indy! You understand what he tells us? Kali Ma protects us now and for- ever, and we must pledge our devotion by worshipping her with an offering of flesh and blood!
I recently became of age and tasted the blood of Kali.
My name's Indiana Jones.
Get to sleep Indy, I stay up and keep eye on things.
The mother of three, takes a craft of milk out of the ice box, and pours a tall glass of the fresh white liquid for The Colonel.
I mean if I had my way, you'd wear that goddamn uniform for the rest of your pecker suckin life.
I wasn't sure weather or not you'd except my invitation.
As he pours, he says; So gentlemen, lets discuss the prospect of ending the war-tonight. All three have their Chianti filled glasses. So the way I see it, since Hitlers death, or possible rescue, rests solely on my reaction.If I do nothing.it's as if I'm causing his death, even more then yourselves.
Or does your manhood go no deeper, then standing to piss?
Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false are often reveling.
You remember the skiing torch scene?
The FLAMES and FIRE spread through thr auditorium.
Marcel, smoking, waiting for his cue. get out of his xow, and begins walking up the aisle in the middle of the cinema towards the exit.
if I ever see you light up a cigarette in my cinema again, I'll turn you into the Nazi's, do you understand?
Or does your manhood go no deeper, then standing to piss?
Is it to fight the Germans in the name of France to your last breath? Or, is it to harass the occupying army to the best of your ability? Or, is it to protect the poor unfortunate victims of warfare who can not protect themselfs? Or, is your number one duty in this time of bloodshed, to protect those very beautiful women who constitute your family?
The two Basterds admire Aldo's handiwork.
Now if that patrol were to have any crackshots, that orchard, would be a goddamn snipers delight. Now if you ever wan na eat a sauerkraut sandwich again, you got ta show me on this map, where they are, you got ta tell me how many they are, and you got ta tell me, what kinda artillery they carrying with'em?
The Germans call them;'The Basterds'.
Yes I was.
I invited it, a release from the pain of living.
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies.
And who will care for me my love, my dark angel, when you are gone?
Respect me a little then.
I've had a very unusual life.
Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire. You don't want it to go on.
If you come with me tomorrow, you'll never see it again. My last sunrise. That morning I was not yet a vampire, and I saw my last sunrise. I remember it completely, yet I don't remember any sunrise before it. I watched the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time, as if it were the first. And the I said goodbye to sunlight and went out to become what I became.
You're body's dying.
God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
I almost genuflected from old habit.
For a time we had been almost human, in the sensual whirl of whtt Paris had to offer. But the human delights of that city only served to remind her of the ageless child she had become. I felt her pain as I walked until I become aware that I was being followed.
She would sleep in my coffin, daily, curl her child's fingers round my hair as she dreamt of I know not what.
And no vampire here has discourse with God or the Devil? None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world. My God. So it's as I always feared. Nothing, leading to nothing. You fell too much. So much you make me feel.
Snatching me from my mother's hands like two monsters in a fairy-tale!
