Okay ramblers, let's get to rambling.
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that? I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way. That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either. What the fuck was Joe thinkin? You can't work with a guy like that. That mother- fucker's unstable.
Let me take you somewhere.
All I know is what I feel. And anyone else in their right mind would feel the same way.
People are alive there. All I know now is that I want to feel things.
I think you're the most interesting person I've ever met.
I got to dig myself out here.
I pay for this house. I work ten hours a day at a job I can't stand. You don't have to!
Jesus, don't make me laugh!
If being crazy means living life as if it matters then I don't care if we are completely insane.
When I was at your place that day, I could feel something there.
You want to point to the pathetic, old man grown lunatic with his spending, trapped in his ridiculous castle, still fighting old battles he will never win with Pulitzer and Roosevelt and Hollywood I don't want you to There is nothing to understand but this: I am a man who could have been great, but was not. When I met him I was just 20.
Kid, you just got your ass kicked on Joseph Conrad and now you're gon na go to Schaefer and tell him you wan na do the id and the superego?
God speed you on your way.
That's for five years of hell.
The hospitality here is as warm as the weather. Leave your weapons.
That's for five years of hell.
God knows!
I bet our Lenny gave you the'I'm his old man'speech didn't he? I've seen jelly fish with closer DNA than that slag. Now Johnny will come quietly, but you might have a couple of problems with the pipe. Come on boys, buy us both a cup of tea.
They say there are only two days you enjoy a boat, the day you buy it and the day you sell it.
Or is it the old cray fish trap?
Don't hurt me Arch, I'm only little.
I bet you can operate a nice gas shower, .I can see you with a couple of S's on your collar and a stiff goose in your step.
Turbo, get us a perrier and a wet wipe live-o. Tried to poison me the dirty Cossack.
This is simply a reflection of my appreciation. I would like to ask you something personal. Not now Victor, I am busy. A very nice painting.
Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man.
I always knew you was pretty. Don't tease me. I wan na kiss ya, Ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it.
'Cause I'm dumb, that's why.Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts, I'm dumb an'you're shy. It is just hard for me to understand why anybody wants to be a fighter. Ya got ta be a little soft to wan na be a pug. It's a racket where ya'almost guaranteed to end up a bum. I don't think you're a bum. I'm at least half a bum.
Listen, I wan na say hi to my girlfriend, Yo, Adrian!
No, I don't belong here.
Stay in school an'use your brains, dig, Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an'forget about sports! Sports can only make ya grunt an'smell, Be a thinker not a stinker!
We do that to Creed an'they'll take us to jail for murder. Don't talk dirty'bout ya sister.
Hey, screw ya brain on right.
I wan na kill the friggin'moron who broke the mirror.
O Romeo, that she were, O that she An open-arse and thou a poperin pear!
I will kiss thy lips. Haply some poison yet doth hang on To make me die with a restorative. Thy lips are warm. Thus with a kiss I die.
Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man. A plague o'both your houses!
Thou, wretched boy, shalt with him hence. Either thou or I, or both, must go with him. Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
I hate the word As I hate hell, all Montagues, and.
Let me have A dram of poison, such soon- speeding gear As will disperse itself through all the veins That the life-weary taker may fall dead. Such mortal drugs I have, but Verona's law Is death to any he that utters them. The world is not thy friend, nor the world's law. Then be not poor, but break it and take this.
Dave slow dancing with Juliet.
A bespectacled eye peers through the crack of a partly open doorway.
I think you are happy in this second match, For it excels your first; or if it did not, Your first is dead - or'twere as good he were As living here and you no use of him. Speakest thou from thy heart?
O true apothecary, thy drugs are quick.
'T is true; and therefore women, being the weaker vessels, are ever thrust to the wall.
Tempt not a desperate man!
Thus from my lips, by thine my sin is purged. Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
We hear her secret whisper: My only love, sprung from my only hate. Too early seen unknown, and known too late. Prodigious birth of love it is to me JULIET'S P.O.V.: In slow motion Romeo, through the falling curtain of fiery embers. That I must love a loathed enemy. The side of the building past revellers who don't know when to leave.
Thou art a villain!
Abra shrieks: Four hands reaching for guns.
I would the fool were married to her grave!
I do bite my thumb, sir.
A sea of black umbrellas stretches back from the steps of Freedom Tower. See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love; And I, for winking at your discords too, Have lost a brace of kinsmen. All are punished. The rain falls. Two black cars lead the people of Verona Beach in a sorrowful parade. A TV anchor woman watches the image on a studio monitor. A glooming peace this morning with it brings: The sun for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned, and some punished, For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo. Two households both alike in dignity in fair Verona, Where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean, From forth the fatal loins of these two foes, A pair of star crossed lovers take their life, Whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death, Bury their parents strife. The fearful passage of their death marked love, And the continuance of their parents rage, Which but their children's end not could remove, Is now the two hours traffic of our stage. A dog of the house of Capulet moves me!
Though his face be better than any man's, yet his leg excels all men's and for a hand and a foot and a body, though they be not to be talked on, yet they are past compare. He's not the flower of courtesy, but I'll warrant him as gentle as a lamb. Go thy ways, wench, serve God.
Throw your mistempered weapons to the ground!
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this I'll help it presently!
Me, they shall feel while I am able to stand; I am a pretty piece of flesh!
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with That thou her maid art far more fair than she. Be not her maid, since she is envious. Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it.
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them if they bear it. The rear view mirror; Sampson biting his thumb.
Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man. A plague o'both your houses!
O, Romeo that she were An open ass, and thou a poperin pear!
If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.
An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords.
See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman. All are Punished. ALL ARE PUNISHED! A glooming peace this morning with it brings, the sun, for sorrow will not show his head.
O, mighty is the powerful grace that lies in plants, herbs, stones, and their true qualities: for nought so vile that the earth doth live but to the earth some special good doth give, nor aught so good, but strain'd from that fair use revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse: virtue itself turns vice, being misaplied; and vice sometimes by action dignified. Within the infant rind of this weak flower poison is resident and medicine power: for this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; being tasted, slays all senses with the heart.
O my love, my wife, Death that hath sucked the honey of thy breath, hath no power yet upon thy beauty, thou art not conquered. Beauty's ensign yet is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, and death's pale flag is not advanced there. Ah, dear Juliet, why art thou yet so fair? Shall I believe that unsubstantial death is amorous and keeps thee here in the dark to be his paramour? For fear of that I still will stay thee. Here, oh, here will I set up my everlasting rest, and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world-wearied flesh. Eyes look your last, arms take your last embrace, and lips, O you the doors to breath, seal with a righteous kiss. A dateless bargain, to engrossing death. Romeo. What's here? Poison. Drunk all, and left no friendly drop to help me after. I will kiss thy lips. Happily some poison yet doth hang on them. Thy lips are warm. Thus. with a kiss. I die. See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman. All are Punished. ALL ARE PUNISHED! A glooming peace this morning with it brings, the sun, for sorrow will not show his head.
O my love, my wife, Death that hath sucked the honey of thy breath, hath no power yet upon thy beauty, thou art not conquered. Beauty's ensign yet is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, and death's pale flag is not advanced there. Ah, dear Juliet, why art thou yet so fair? Shall I believe that unsubstantial death is amorous and keeps thee here in the dark to be his paramour? For fear of that I still will stay thee. Here, oh, here will I set up my everlasting rest, and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world-wearied flesh. Eyes look your last, arms take your last embrace, and lips, O you the doors to breath, seal with a righteous kiss. A dateless bargain, to engrossing death. Romeo. What's here? Poison. Drunk all, and left no friendly drop to help me after. I will kiss thy lips. Happily some poison yet doth hang on them. Thy lips are warm. Thus. with a kiss. I die. See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman. All are Punished. ALL ARE PUNISHED! A glooming peace this morning with it brings, the sun, for sorrow will not show his head.
He's tough, your American friend.
Because I owe you.
Don't say'spec'like it's a dirty word. Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a play! Plato never got a book advance.
I'm listening.'I guarantee that we'll have tough times. I guarantee that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart, you're the only one for me'.
I want to have a very serious discussion with you as to why you're such a pain in the ass.
Cindy.
He made all-stars in high school, you know.
I can't believe I flew ten-thousand miles for this shit.
She can do my feet.
I hate that fortune cookie shit.
I will kick your ass.
You wish to spank my sister with a ping pong paddle? No man, I was just asking.
Let's try this again.
I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm, and don't let the robe fool you. This is the only color they had left.
You tell them there's no crime in being lonely.
This is a chase, we are chasing that limo!
I'm not gon na hold you back this time just because you're a woman. I'm gon na pretend you're a man. A very beautiful man with a perfect body who I'd like to take to the movies.
A real Hong Kong night club.
Don't you ever touch a Chinese man's CD.
It's my outstanding people skills. I hate this fucking town. Someone better call the police.
Max is having dinner with Mr. Blume, Miss Cross and John.
That's very ambitious.
I always wanted to be in one of those frickin'plays of yours.
Max stops sweeping and looks over at Dirk.
Is this fake blood?
She's fucked up.
I'm kind of lonely these days.
Jesus Christ.
You're a married man, Blume.
Mayday!
Nice to see you, Dr. Gugg- Max!
Well, kids don't like their parents to get divorced.
Well, tell that stupid mick he just made my list of things to do today. I'm going to pop a cap in his ass. A little salon with Persian rugs. There is a fire in the fireplace and a harpsichord plays softly on the radio. Dr. Guggenheim is sitting at a little table having tea with Max.
On the planet I'm from the sun only comes out once a year. That is - That is why my skin is the color of a cloud, said the old - I just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
In Cold Blood represents a turning point in our country's literature.
If they're both standing in front of me and I have to shoot one or the other, how do I choose?
And I'll leave you in this room to rot.
John moves out But not you.
Jesus Christ!
It hits, but no breakage.
Dont do that!
I dont know how they got there.
That was uh, quite an amazing story that poor woman told.
Why not?
You are a perfectly healthy, sane, middle-class male. Yet last month, you ran a straight razor across your wrists. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die, or did you just want some attention? Tonight, youll show me. The irony is that if you want to die, you just have to stay where you are. But if you want to live, youll have to cut yourself again. shot of Paul waking up in the cage, looking around, scared and confused. The shots go back and forth between the detectives and the Paul flashback, with him grabbing and shaking the razor wire, screaming. His screams sound distant Find the path through the razor wire to the door.
A true capitalist if ever I met one.
'Cause none of you got the guts to be what you want to be. You need people like me so you can point your fingers and say'hey there's the bad guy!'So what does that make you?
I don't fuck around with the help, Subtitle appears: Alejandro Sosa is a playboy, about six-foot-two, black wavy hair, athletic body and a Copacabana tan, the clothes, a casual polo shirt and the latest pants from Calvin Klein.
I told him it didn't make sense, cliptiing you when he coulda had you working for us instead. But he got hot tonight,y'know, about the broad. He fucked up.
Don't push me baby, don't push me!'Don't fucking push me!
You think you can kill me with lousy bullets hunh?
so I'll deliver the goods next month. and letting Hey, you don't talk to me like that! Who do you I told you a long time you little fuckin'monkey, not to fuck me and. Who the fuck you think you're talkin'to, hunh!
A brief glimpse of Angel slumped by one arm like a cow on a strap, streaming blood, eyes conscious and horrified; a terrifying sight. The chainsaw whirrs once more.
First who, where, why and how I fuck is none of your business, second don't call me'baby,'I'm not your baby and last, even if I was blind, desperate, starved and begging for it on a desert island, you'd be the last thing I'd ever fuck.
Vessels of every nature, waving masses, demonstrations.
You know what capitalism is, Getting fucked. A true capitalist if ever I met one.
Hey, will you shut the fuck up and let me sing?!
It's the best seat in the house.
Nobody knows who stole the chicken.
God forbid you ever get a real taste for Jewish skirt.
My father was fond of saying you need three things in life.
Oskar, there are twelve hundred people who are alive because of you.
Hujar!
I'll be very unhappy.
You're offering me a bribe?
I think I can guarantee you you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month.
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all.
I thought you might want some ice for that right hook.
You know, the one with the guy with the white mask who just sorta walks around and stalks the baby sitters.
Billy and his penis don't deserve you. What do you think about when you're having sex?
Did you know your slut mother was sleeping with my dad and she's the reason my mom moved out and deserted me.
It's okay.
We throw on a mask and dance around campus just hoping someone else gets butchered before we get bored again.
I'm not talking to you.
Tatum get me a beer. They're in the fridge in the garage. What am I? The beer wench?
Surprise, Sidney.
Or even a good porno.
See, the police are always off track with this shit, if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time.
Look it up.
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
Fucking clueless-they're interrogating the entire school.
Oh, you wan na play psycho killer? Can I be the helpless victim?
So is Dewey your real name?
Help me.
Oh, you wan na play psycho killer? Can I be the helpless victim?
I have to be here in case a sister calls and needs a ride. That's too bad.'Drink with your brain.'That's our motto.
Look, I know you kinda hold me up as your career template and it gives you some anal charge to challenge me but you win.
Can you say backfire?
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
I make horror films, that's what I do.
When you're friends with Sidney, you die!
Only at sixo'clock, today.
I don't want to go in there again.
Stay as cold as ice.
Even if his brain were not mush, which it is.
Almost to the day.
If we get him, I'll be happy enough.
He is the best child in the world he never cries unless he wants to and then, Lord, there is no stopping him. I can not see Marianne. She has probably taken shelter in one of the greenhouses! Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove: 0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken.
It is better than parting with the fifteen hundred all at once. But if she should live longer than fifteen years we would be completely taken in.
There was always a something, if you remember, in Willoughby's eyes at times which I did not like.'For there is nothing lost, but may be found, if sought. Shall we continue tomorrow?
Any fine figure will suit a great orator, a leading politician, even a barrister would serve, but only on the condition that I drive my own barouche and dine in the first circles.
It is a very great secret. I have told no one in the world for fear of discovery. My dear, I am the soul of discretion. If I dared tell. I can assure you I am as silent as the grave.
I would express it if I could, but, as you know, I am no orator. You are very much mistaken. I assure you that you owe it almost entirely to your own merit I have had no hand in it. Colonel Brandon must be a man of great worth and respect ability. He is the kindest and best of men.
For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
Edward says you would not break your word to save your life! Promise me! I give you my word.
Papa has come.
I declare you are the loveliest girl I ever set eyes on! Can not you get them married, Mrs Dashwood? You must not leave it too long! But, alas, there are no smart young men hereabouts to woo them not a beau for miles!
She talks about things. We never talk about things.
A little cottage is always very snug.
Piracy is our only option.
Like him!
I expect to follow it in a day or two, by which time I expect you to have learned the enclosed.
There are some people who can not bear a party of pleasure.
For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
Mrs Jennings says your sister will buy her wedding clothes here in town.
For the simple reason that you have a far superior musician here.
Not with fire.
Half of writing history is hiding the truth.
Let's be badguys.
They attack settlers from space, they kill them and wear their skins and rape them for hours and hours, It's true that there are. dangers on the outer planets.
She's starting to damage my calm.
If Fanty and Mingo are right about the payroll, this could look to be a sunny day for us.
I. I would be very careful about what you, It's pride.
Cuttin'on his own face, rapin'and murdering, I mean, I'll kill a man in a fair fight. or if I think he's gon na start a fair fight, or if he bothers me, or if there's a woman, or I'm gettin'paid, mostly only when I'm gettin'paid. But these Reavers. last ten years they just show up like the boageyman from stories. Eating people alive? Where does that get fun? He dumps the body in, she starts the doors closing. Shepherd Book said they was men that reached the edge of space. saw a vasty nothingness and just went bibbledy over it. Hell, I been to the edge. Just looked like more space. I don't know. People get awful lonely in the black. Like to get addlepated ourselves, we stay on this boat much longer.
Somebody FIRE!
How come they ain't blowing us out of the air?
There's a little problem with our entry sequence; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode.
You can learn all the math in the'verse, but you take a boat in the air you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of worlds.
Bound by law five times, smuggling, tariff dodge.
Every reading I'm getting says normal. Oceans, land masses. no tectonic instability or radiation.
Can I make a suggestion that doesn't involve violence, or is this the wrong crowd?
When they stopped working the power grids, there were overloads, fires, people burned to death sitting in their V0 chairs.
There's no pattern to the pebbles here, they're completely random. I tried to count them but you drove too fast.
I have a commitment to my Lovebot, it was a very beautiful ceremony, Lenore wrote her own vows, I cried like a baby, a hungry, angry baby.
She dodges a blade, but a blow to, the back of the head shakes her.
Dear Buddha, please send me a pony, and a plastic rocket, and Mal!
You stupid, selfish, son of a whore I'm a hair's breadth from riddling you with holes, Doctor'One simple job!
Sorta man they're like to send believes hard. Kills and never asks why.
Bundles of bills, some scattered coin.
Portions decimated by fires long since cold, others overgrown with weeds, but mostly intact.
V0 Zoe and Mal shoot a look at Jayne. I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar. She nearly makes it all the way through the alliance fleet before a barrelling chunk of debris, which is twice their size, forces them to come hard about and remain in the fray.
Things are going to get much much worse.
V0 Zoe and Mal shoot a look at Jayne. I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar. She nearly makes it all the way through the alliance fleet before a barrelling chunk of debris, which is twice their size, forces them to come hard about and remain in the fray. Chickens come home to roost. They are suddenly JOLTED by a glancing blow from another ship, Wash struggles to control her The hell, It's okay! I am a leaf on the wind!
His hand slips away, his blood leaving a distinct print on Mal's face.
Oh, a jack-rabbit, me.'Sides, I never credited the Alliance with an over-abundance of brains. And if you're the best they got. Captain Reynolds, I should tell you so that you don't waste your time: You can't make me angry.
Look officers! Life doesn't have to be ugly. See the little birdie?
Mrs. Sutphin's about as normal and nice a lady we're ever going to find.
Put on pussy!
It's ok with me, really!
Court is now in session!
You need an AGENT!
Dear God.I promise I'll never watch a sex film again.
.Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN!
It's a shame.
.Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN!
Put on pussy!
You said you hated your teacher yesterday and he was murdered too. I don't know.maybe Mom's nuts! It's a cool idea, Misty! Let's make a gore movie about Mom! Better yet, a TV series! Can I borrow your mother? My aunt is coming over to dinner tonight and she's always on my nerves. My step-father is an asshole! She could kill him!
A fruit cake.
I'm sure those are my son, Chip's books.
Sorry, I'm your neighbor and my dog ran up on your dick Deck!
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives. dressed head to toe in love. And that's the one label, that never goes out of style. We FLOAT through miniature coffee shops, offices, and bedrooms, where toy figures are arranged in tableau of everyday life Terri.
I'm serious.
When have I ever wanted to talk about it?
I thought I would still be in extreme pain but I'm feeling nothing. I'd like a little more nothing.
Was that what that was?
Just in time for Valentine's day.
Worse comes to worse, I'll say there was a death or something.
It's a once in a lifetime opportunity - so spare me a week of faux soul-searching and just say yes.
If he could stay with me through that, I should be able to stay in this relationship for him.
It wasn't logic, it was love.
There were times when we had our doubt about this gorgeous man. But after careful observation over the last hundred years, my doubts are over.
Yes, I love you - ah, fuck it, I'm just gon na say the thing you're not supposed to say, I love you but I love me more. And I've been in a relationship with myself for forty-nine years and that's the one I need to work on. You'll find a wonderful woman who loves being in a relationship.
I've got everything I ever wanted. I'm so happy, I'm terrified. No one gets everything they want.
And you gave me Louise Vuitton.
Painful and unnecessary.
I've got to do something to pull me out of my Mexicoma.
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives. dressed head to toe in love. And that's the one label, that never goes out of style. We FLOAT through miniature coffee shops, offices, and bedrooms, where toy figures are arranged in tableau of everyday life Terri.
Nod your head: yes.
Who had the ham and eggs? It wasn't a fancy designer reception either.
A girl! It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
To be able to do that.
I concentrated on my search for love.
It was just that one time.
Carrie Bradshaw married John James Preston in a label-less dress. By the power vested in me, by the state of New York, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Oh my Lord.
Well, I'll do my best.
I am not most people.
Besides, the money is good and some of the guys are cute.
I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
I want out of this marriage.
I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
Televison?
You never used to say'fucking'. It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it.
A very worthy sum on a very worthy question. Can a play show us the very truth and nature of love? I bear witness to the wager, and will be the judge of it as occasion arises. I have not seen anything to settle it yet.
I want no more trouble, Mr. Fennyman. As I explained to you, the theatre business Henslowe, you pound of tripe, in my business I would be out of business if I had your courage, so don't tell me about business A famous victory!
Ah!
Oh, Will!
Well played, Master Crab, I commend you. Love and a bit with a dog, that's what they like.'What light is light if Silvia be not seen? What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by? Unless it be to think that she is by And feed upon the shadow of perfection'There's a lady knows your play by heart.
It is not a comedy I am writing now. A broad river divides my lovers family, duty, fate as unchangeable as nature.
The play.
Burbage has my keeping but you have my heart. You see? The consumptives plot against me.'Will Shakespeare has a play, let us go and cough through it.'I feel a scene coming on.
Oh, my love You ran from me before. You were not dead before. When I thought you dead, I did not care about all the plays that will never come, only that I would never see your face.
Licentiousness is made a show, vice is made a show, vanity and pride likewise made a show! This is the very business of show FENNYMAN approaches him, apothecary's cap in hand.
Too late, too late.
Well, I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful - What piece?
There you have his duel, a skirmish of words and swords such as I never wrote, nor anyone. He dies with such passion and poetry as your ever heard:'a plague on both your houses!
It's a mystery You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die. Nor you for me.
Yes, the illusion is remarkable and your error, Mr. Tilney, easily forgiven, but I know something of a woman in a man's profession, yes, by God, I do know about that.
By order of the Master of the Revels, the theatres are reopened Mr. Fennyman!
Marlowe is dead. Stabbed!
But my father, James Burbage, had the first licence to make a company of players from Her Majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age. Their fame will be our fame. So let them all know, we are men of parts. We are a brotherhood, and we will be a profession.
As you love me and as I love you, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig!
God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort of sordid, ugly, sexual liason.
Cameron! What a surprise.
Leveraged buy-outs, a good thing or a bad thing? With which of the following figures do you most closely identify: Joan of Arc, Eva Braun or Marilyn Monroe? It's just that you strike me as a man trapped in a crisis of emotional direction, afflicted by a realization that the partner of your dreams is, quite simply, just that. Did you ever kill a man? And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'?
I have an idea.
This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?
Normally I don't meet people, unless I know them already.
I don't want to devalue your victory, but I just want you to know: I wasn't trying to win.
I tell you, every letter this guy writes to you is the same: they all begin like pure love and descend into open pornography. I dream of your thighs, the soft touch of your white skin leading me in desire, while I, aroused and inflamed'Aroused and inflamed.
Squash is often used as a metaphor to represent a struggle for personal domination.
This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman? Turning very briefly to the subject of corporate finance, no, this is important. Leveraged buy-outs, a good thing or a bad thing? With which of the following figures do you most closely identify: Joan of Arc, Eva Braun or Marilyn Monroe?
I mean, she was alive at the time. Can I show you something?
Take his legs.
C'mon, take me out of here, somewhere I don't have to lie to anybody and I'll fuck your brains out, you little fiend, I adore you, don't you want to, Jackie, can we Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world?
You know, I've seen things in war that I couldn't explain. I once heard a man predict his death, down to the number and placement of the bullet holes that killed him.
It's a shame you made an enemy out of Blackwood, Holmes, you would have made a valuable ally.
Your error in judgement is to assume I've been holding the brush at all, I am merely the channel. My only wish is that I'd caught you earlier. I might have spared five lives. Those lives were a necessity, a sacrifice. Five otherwise meaningless creatures called to serve a greater purpose.
Like it or not, it's a matter of professional integrity. No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not.
Const.
The sooner the better.
The eye patch was a nice touch.
Death followed him wherever he went, from his birth to arms he made and sold.
Patterned table clothes, china figurines, lace doilies.
Oh, I have your cut from last night, by the way.
Character actors.
Because.ofyou *, Sir!
Alimony is just another word for rape!
America's Pride!
I love home movies, don't you? TIME IS TIGHT JANET DO IT RIGHT JANET UNTIL TOMORROW NIGHT, JANET. I won't be a party to this.
And everybody needs you!
A MISSISSIPPI ALLIGATOR'S SISTER I'VE TOOK AS MUCH OF YOU AS ANY MAN CAN YOU'VE LOST YOUR HEART YOU'VE LOST YOUR CAUSE YOU LOST YOUR BABY WHEN YOU LOST YOUR BALLS YOU'VE LOST YOUR MIND, YOU'VE LOST YOUR GRIP SO SAY BYE-BYE WE LOST OUR MOM, WE LOST OUR DAD AN'IF I'M LOSING YOU, WELL THAT'S JUST TOO BAD WELL THE BEST THING YOU COULD EVER DO.IS DIE YOU'RE A FAILURE.
As are we all.
The past.
Well yes, but.
Everything good always happens to other people.
I'm dying for it.
HOW YOU ARE?
I don't know what Janet's next move will be.but you can be sure of one thing.it all starts here!
Hey, Folks!
It's'Happy Homes'for Harry and Emily Weiss of Denton. IF ONLY YOU KNEW HOW TO WIN SOME PRIZES IF ONLY YOU KNEW, HOW TO PLAY IF YOU COULD SLEEP NIGHTS AND STOP YOUR CRYING YOU MIGHT FIND OUT I STILL LOVE YOU IN MY OWN WAY IF THAT'S NOT ENOUGH THEN I'M SO SORRY I MET YOU IT WAS ALMOST LIKE LEADING YOU ON BUT THERE'S MORE TO IT ALL THEN JUST WRINGING YOUR HEART OUT OVER SOMEETHING THAT KEEPS ON GOING WRONG SO DON'T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS NO DON'T SELL EMOTION YOU CAN'T BUY DEVOTION WHEN YOU'RE FALLING APART AT THE SEAMS I HOPE THAT YOU'LL SMILE WHEN YOU REACH YOUR CONCLUSION I HOPE THAT YOU'LL KNOW JUST WHAT TO SAY BUT IF IT SHOULD MEAN THAT THE PARTY IS OVER YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT I STILL LVOE YOU YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT I STLL LOVE YOU
Trouble was.she was in the arms of someone else.
A BIT OF.
First name terms, surely!
DENTON`YOU'LL
Macy Struthers, God I must have been blind, still, the weaker the man, the dumber the blonde.
Macy.Macy Struthers.
'Does this belong to you?
I can't breathe. the fuck.
With a dragon that breathes fire and eats knights and breathes fire, it sure doesn't mean you're a coward if you're a little scared.
Oh, now what does he want?
You and the rest of that fairy tale trash, poisoning my perfect world.
Your flying days are over.
Hapaya!
Look, I'm not gon na eat you.
Hold on, Shrek!
Look, pal, I don't know who you think you are!
No, I have a better idea.
Yeah?
I am eternally in your debt. And where would a brave knight be without his noble steed?
Well, at least we know where the princess is, but where's the.
Your flying days are over.
I'm a donkey on the edge!
I'm Lord Farquaad.
No, I have a better idea.
Ah!
Cool.
Well, I have a bit of a confession to make.
The one who kills the ogre will be named champion!
If you have diabetes or a history of kidney trouble. you're fucked!
Nice technique there.
Bathroom.
And it was a Silver Medal winner at Paso Robles last year.
Miles and I are in the middle of something.
With the right person.
People love that guy. And don't forget, your novel is coming out in the fall.
Christine'll fucking crucify me.
Here's my boy!
I told you the truth.
It tastes old.
Yeah.
He licks his butt everyday.
You and Morgan would have been wrestling for that baby monitor. It'll be secretly kind of sad for everybody, when this turns out to be, all just make believe. You're wasting your time here! I'm not going to report this or anything you do to me crops, to the news or TV or anybody! You're not going to get famous!
That's enough from Dr. Bimboo for now.
There you go.
It was enough to turn a grown man's stomach.
Tell Graham, I'm here.
The startling footage we're about to show you was photographed by a forty-two year old Romero Valadares.
They think it might happen all at once. Hundreds of thousands have flocked to synagogues, churches and temples.
See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed.
See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed.
Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother, who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things.
They're not trying to get in.
I want to ask for your help with a questionnaire.
I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
Reasonably so.
Unlawful seizure, real juicy stuff.
How very thoughtful.
What do you think?
When Crawford gets through milking you, he's giving you to Baltimore Homicide for the Raspail murder. And they're preparing some special surprises for you right now, in my electroshock room.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars.
Don't bother with a trace, I won't be on long enough.
Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors.
Outside posts look sharp, we've got a. Ho-ly shit.
I think you were telling me the truth in Baltimore - or starting to.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars.
I see.
You savvy?
Why, Dr. Lecter?
Chilton does enjoy his petty torments.
Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence.
Stella!
Balance the fucking budget.
I feel like a horse's ass. Don't you touch me, snotbrains!
If Father Lowe is an innocent little lamb, why hasn't he picked up the telephone and called Constable Haller to tell him Marty's sending poison-pen letters?
There are no such things as werewolves.
By that time I was so sick of farming, I didn't want to touch another hoe ever. I wouldn't come with'em. My daddy took it pretty hard. Him, my ma, and my little sister headed out without me.
I want to build something, make things grow. That takes hard work, a lifetime of it. That's not why men come to a pretty woman. After a while, I won't be so pretty.
I never enjoy killing a man. Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm a gambler who would like to run an honest game in your town. To whom do I speak about that?
If you're taking on Emmett, the last place I want to be is between you. You're empty, mister. Ain't you dead yet, mister?
I run the place.
My partner and me robbed the bank in Turley and headed out with a posse on our tails.
I got things to do, kid.
I don't want to kill you, and you don't want to be dead.
Put that box on my horse.
Hey!
If I find any cattle on our land after tomorrow, I'm going to start carving them into steaks. And believe me, that's one thing I know about. Killing cattle is a hanging offense in these parts. If we shot you down right now, we'd be within our rights.
I'm running out of deputies.
He used to be my brother.
Try to blend in.
I've got a surprise. Ice cream!
I'm gon na put you in the last place on Earth that Vince would ever look for you.
I think they hear you!
And Laureen's son.
I'm coming.
I don't know.
After he was born, every time Absolutely.
It's nice to meet you.
For love of carnage. Cut off his head with his own sword. It's a legend told for twenty years. But, only recently has the Headless Hessian been seen prowling the Hollow, in search of a head to suit his shoulders.
One of'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
I guess that's why I'm so fond of you. You're so easygoing, although I do sense a little tension in you sometimes. By the way, how was it out there?
They make a good double meat burger.
I used to teach shop and eighth grade science.
One of'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
I'm a real good interviewer.
God gave them the ugliest creation he could think of.
We don't ever rehearse.
Something's wrong with me.
You're gon na turn into a plum in there!
This is family fun day, isn't it?
Bill!
Remember?
Don't fuck with me, Bill.
I'll kill you too.
When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
But it looks as if Alfie still fancies Mo after all, so- # NAME?
You have five seconds.
I thought we would meet again only in death.
Remember you still have two lifelines- fifty- fifty and Phone A Friend.
The Taj Mahal was built by the Emperor Khurram for his wife Mumtaz who was maximum beautiful woman in the whole world. When she died, the Emperor decided to build this five star hotel for everyone who wanted to visit her tomb.but he died in- in fifteen eighty-seven, before any of the rooms were built. Or the lifts. The swimming pool, however, as you can see was completed on schedule in top class fashion.
Believe me, she's got a heart of gold.
Listen, we can either give up or.
I didn't ask for your understanding.
Them spirts can kiss my Chinese ass.
Am I misinterpreting that or No, I'm not blaming any one person, this is Bureau directive.
Way better than fuckin'
'Spose to kill this fool named Buddy Israel. Damn baby girl, you makin'a nigga fall hard now. Don't play out this string,'cuz it's real short I didn't do your man downstairs.
That's happening in about ten minutes.
I don't think it's a good idea you going in at all. Unless you are going to transcendentally extract the passports and cash from out of a steel safe, I can't see any other way of getting them.
I'll show you a fuckin accident.
He's no good to anyone.
Who took the jam out of your donut? You took the fuckin jam out of my donut Tommy, you did.
If it doesn't work you can hit him with it.
The only man that knows the combination you just shot.
You been using dog shit tooth paste Mullet?
Oh no Tommy I wasn't saying you can't shoot, I know you can't shoot. What I was saying is that six pound piece of shit stuck in your trousers there would do more damage if you fed it to em.
Other than a man that feeds people to pigs of course.
.And the whip pan shot takes us into this boxing ring.
Come have a look at some photos of Charlie when he was awee'n.
Come give your old man a kiss or I'll kick your teeth in.
See you later, Mrs. MacKenzie.
I used to live there. That's where I had my first supermarket job. I only have chamomile.
If it happens to you, remember that it isn't madness. You should know, I'm in favor of destroying Solaris.
Extra!
Oh.
Boy, would I like to borrow a cup of that Sugar.
Listen, stupid, right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
Yeah.
We have fought off the crackpots who want to repeal Prohibition and destroy the American home, by bringing the corner saloon. We have stamped out the fly-by-night operators who endangered public health by brewing gin in their own bathtubs, which is very unsanitary. We have made a real contribution to national prosperity, we are helping the automobile industry by buying all those trucks, the glass industry by using all those bottles, and the steel industry, you know, all those corkscrews. And what's good for the country is good for us. In the last fiscal year, our income was a hundred and twelve million dollars before taxes, only we ain't paying no taxes.
Well, Spats Colombo, if I were saw one.
This is where I get off.
It activates a'HUM.
I'll make us some coffee, get you your pills, whip us up some french toast, I have, the best maple syrup ever.'Erica. You are a woman to love. You are woman to love.
How great is it that I'm not intimidated by your brilliance?
Hey, your heart attack could be the best thing that ever happened to me. I love ya. I love you too.if that's what you said. I don't know if it ends in'ya'if it's an official I love you but.
I'm like the dumb girl who doesn't get it. I've never been the dumb girl before. It ain't so great.
Erica places coffee cups in the sink.
Erica, we're ready to do the hospital,'Do You Take Viagra scene.
Julian, I hope you know I'm mortified by my behavior.
How great is it that I'm not intimidated by your brilliance?
Forget my troubles Put my own life on hold Let a studio tell me how to view the world! Let's go get fat ass!
And so we have succesfully removed the Canadian smut from all of our children's brains. We have made changes at school to ensure that our kids are NEVER AGAIN exposed to smut!
It never gets any easier! Anybody get the score of that Broncos game?
YOU KILLED KENNY!
Son, I have some bad news. We accidentally replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have about seven seconds to live.
FUCK'EM! < b > Bombs are flying People are dying Children are crying Politicians are lying too Cancer is killing Texaco is spilling The whole world's gone to hell But how are you?
Whose idea was it, to have a person lighting a fart on fire in your movie?
FUCK'EM! < b > Bombs are flying People are dying Children are crying Politicians are lying too Cancer is killing Texaco is spilling The whole world's gone to hell But how are you?
Apparently you're not the best, you're simply the last.
All it says is that it's above the vulva.
Shot? < b > Baby your thighs sparkle like diamonds Baby your butt is tender like the night I can see by the look in your pants that you want to treat me right. I'll whisper sweet nothings in your cleavage And you can kiss me gently with your tongue And I'll make love to you so deeply That you'll feel pressure clear up to your lungs. < /b > I don't know but I've been told- I DON'T KNOW BUT I'VE BEEN TOLD!
Come on don't be shy.
Terrance and Phillip, you are under arrest for working in America without the proper documents!
Cool! < b > Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for- < /b > This is all so wonderful.
I'm being honest.
Do I ever hope so.I've been seeing another man for the last eleven weeks and it was nothing and I ended it tonight.At first it was just keeping an eye on the real estate market.Then it was.what?
Great.
You've done it again, Mom, made me hate myself.One of the things I can count on.
You have a whole daughter you haven't mentioned.How old?
You'd have never been happy driving for that terrible man.
That's enough.
This ain't a race.
For eight years I've played by the rules!
You poor, naive, chump.
Cannonball Taylor is in trouble.
A beautiful woman wearing nerdy-glasses sits watching the television from the leather banquette. She has a body made of the same kind of lines that a sports car or a high-heel has, lines that make your head turn.
Feel that shimmy?
That's enough.
A rear single set jump into a forward flip! I know he blew up at Fugi, but this kid is flat out magic!
The teacher is about to say something when the bell rings.
This is the true heart of racing boy!
I. got to go.
I will never forget these words:'With great power comes great responsibility.'7/29/1993 Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I will give the funny man exactly five seconds to step forward.
Because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler.
There'll be no pardon from no governor.
You're all wire happy, boys.
If I ever run into any of you bums on a street corner, just let's pretend we never met before. Understand? This barracks will never be the same.
'.In a way I'm glad you're not in America right now, with everything rationed here, like gas and meat.
Somebody without a sense of humor.
You must have shot off your mouth all the way from Frankfurt to here.
Computer, prepare self destruct sequence.
Welcome to Starfleet and Godspeed!
Yeah we do.
Russian whiz kid what's your name again?
Never did get that first name. And you never will. Are you people deaf?
Lieutenant's log, supplemental: I'm preparing a testimonial for my Starfleet court martial assuming there's still a Starfleet left.
You asked me once.
It appears you've been keeping rather important information from me.
oh my God.
When did they jump so far ahead in the arms race? The engineering comprehension necessary to artificially create a black hole may suggest the answer: such technology could theoretically be manipulated to create a tunnel through space time. Damnit, man, I'm a doctor, not a physicist, are you suggesting they're from the future? That is what he's suggesting and I don't buy it. If you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
I understand that, I need officers who have been trained in advanced hand-to-hand combat!
So what kinda combat trainingd'you have?
Prepare for immediate departure.
Brave words.
It would appear that resistance is not always futile.
I am the Borg.
I hope for your sake that you are initiating a mating ritual.
Make a difference again.
There's been a little arterial damage. Human females are so repulsive..
One minute to warp core breach. Begin separation sequence.
Try to hang on.
They'll tear us apart.
It appears to be a magnetically sealed.
Your name is Jim..
Well, some Admiral name of, Kirk.
If I hadn't, it might have been years, or never! And how many have paid the price for your impatience? How many have died? How much damage have you done.
Warp Drive is standing by!
I have been. and ever shall be.
Admiral.
Ordinarily, I could do it with a piece of transparent aluminum.
We look like a cadet review.
I have a notorious weakness for hard luck cases, that's why I work with whales.
It is difficult to answer if you do not understand the question. Mr. President, perhaps you should transmit a planet distress signal, while we still have time.
Excuse me!
May fortune favor the foolish.
Listen to me!
I'm trying to remember how this works.
How long, Scotty?
Attempting the hell to communicate.
There it is again. That's weird.
All right, let's do our job and get out of here. Our own world is waiting for us to save it if we can. So I told her: if you think I'm laying out sixty bucks for a goddam toaster oven you got another thing coming.
You're not one of those guys from the military, are you? Trying to teach whales to retrieve torpedoes, or some dipshit stuff like that?
My name is Pavel Chekov. I am a Lt.
My brother was not a human.
Or just the one of us.
And like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields throughout history, I wait for the dawn. To seek out new life and new civilizations.
You have the bridge, Mister Troi!
When I was very young I was stricken with an odd disease. I developed a hyper-sensitivity to sound. The slightest whisper caused me agony. No one knew what to do. Finally I was taken to a doctor who had some experience with Terran illnesses and I was finally diagnosed with Shalaft's syndrome.
When trust has been earned.
You're too slow, old man.
I do not agree.
It appears to be. an arm.
Blue birds, singing a song, Nothing but blue birds all day long.
Forty six.
I have no choices! I can't fight what I am! I'll show you my true nature. Your nature. And as Earth dies, remember that I'm forever Shinzon of Remus! And my voice will echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory. Disable their weapons!
He can never know you as I know you. He can never touch you as I touch you.
Target weapons systems and shields.
Well, he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic development. The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated.
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
Some ideals are worth dying for, aren't they, Jean Luc?
If you wouldn't mind.
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain.
Bones, there's a'thing'out there, headed this way.
Oh, my God!
Mr. Spock, what wouldV'ger need to fulfill itself?V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe, thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension;V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator.
This simple feeling.
Of course: we all create God in our own image.
That I've made the wrong choices in my life?
I knew I wouldn't die because the two of you were with me.
Nimbus III may be a worthless lump of rock, but it does have one unique treasure. It's the only place in the entire galaxy that has the three of you. I don't know who you are or what you want but I can tell you this: our governments will stop at nothing to insure our safety. That's exactly what I'm counting on.
The God of Sha Ka Ree would not do this!
Welcome aboard, Captain.
I'd just like to ask a question.
God's a busy man. I am no longer in control of the craft.
You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier. What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear.
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke? Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter'S.'You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me.
VFX VFX I give you a toast: the undiscovered country - the future.
Damage report.
Well.
Send to commander Enterprise:'We stand ready to assist you.
Nice to see you in action one more time, Captain Kirk.
If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it.
That was just the excuse we needed to say all the things that were really on our minds.
There'll never be a better time. I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it. The longer we wait, the less accessible the hostages will be, Mr. President.
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
Indeed the record will show that'Captain'Kirk was once'Admiral'Kirk and that Admiral Kirk was broken for taking matters into his own hands in defiance of regulations and the law.
They don't place the same value on life that we do, Spock - you know that.
You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died. The night is young. Anyway, it was logical. You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread.
If they're even looking for us.
Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power.
Captain.
If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it.
We're doomed!
I can't swim!
Definitely feeling aggressive tendencies.
I'm going to miss these little flesh-stretching sessions of ours, my dear.
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it. The Enterprise has destroyed one of my ships. The other is on fire, requesting assistance. The Enterprise would only fire if it were defending itself.
I kiss you and you say'augh'?
It's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffering of an unfamiliar people.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you.
if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels.
Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet.
I wish I had better news.
What's the last thing you remember, Data.'his nose should pant and his lip should curl.
It's been three hundred years since I've seen a bald man. How is it a woman like you never married? And don't tell me you'just haven't gotten around to it yet'.
Do you have a problem with those orders?
I think we can guarantee she'll follow us, Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.
You repaid his hospitality by trying to steal his ship and murder him. And I'll wager he never told you about his shipmate, the beautiful and courageous Lieutenant McGiver, who gave up everything to join me in exile.
But, as you are so fond of observing, Doctor, I'm not human.
Remember that overgrown boy scout you used to hang out with? That's exactly the Listen, kiddo, Jim Kirk was many things, but he was never a Boy Scout.
You're not going in there,!
I've deprived your ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of your life But I wanted you to know first who it was who had beaten you: I, Khan Noonian Singh, the eagle you attempted to cage forever.
Other people have birthdays.
Descend ten thousand meters.
There's new life, a whole new world, a Genesis world,! In accordance with the traditions of Starfleet and of Article 184 Starfleet Regulations, we are assembled here today to pay final respects to our honored dead. And yet, in the midst of our sorrow it should be noted that this death takes place in the shadow of new life, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave his own life to protect and nourish. He did not feel that sacrifice a vain or empty one, and we will not debate his profound wisdom, in these proceedings. Of my friend, I can only say this, that of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most,, human.
Tactical!
Visuals won't function and shields will be useless.
Anything else is a waste of material.
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
You want my advice?
Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds. to seek out new life and new civilizations.
For over a thousand generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic.
And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo-Detoo.
And where you come from.
You know, I did feel something.
Get away from there.
I'm Luke Skywalker.
I have a very bad feeling about this.
This R2 unit has a bad motivator.
What an incredible smell you've discovered!
Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!
As it was I busted up the Skyhopper pretty bad.
Blast them!
There she is!
I can see one of them now.
You're pretty good in a fight.
Remember, the Force will be with you. always.
Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs.
If they traced the robots here, they may have learned who they sold them to. And that would lead them home!
They have just made the jump into hyperspace.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. You don't believe in the Force, do you? Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's one all-powerful force controlling everything.
I've done more that I bargained for on this trip already.
Pull in!
Remember, the Force will be with you. always.
You're my only hope.
I'm only a droid and not very knowledgeable about such things. Not on this planet, anyways. As a matter of fact, I'm not even sure which planet I'm on.
Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs.
I already tried it.
There'll be no escape for the Princess this time.
Oh, my!
Hey, I knew there was more to you than money.
You know, I did feel something.
No, I don't think he likes you at all.
Use the Force, Luke.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
I should have known better than to trust the logic of a half-sized thermocapsulary dehousing assister.
Will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?
Kid!
I have a very bad feeling about this.
I did say so before!
With the blast shield down, I can't even see.
This is ridiculous.
Chewie?
I have a really bad feeling about this.
See if you can get a few of those TIE fighters to follow you.
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.
The security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have confirmation of your code transmission.
You don't know the power of the dark side.
Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
That thing's operational!
I'm with you, too!
Ohh!
You no longer need those.
All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.
Lando Calrissian and poor Chewbacca never returned from this awful place.
The Rebels have been routed.
That thing's operational!
Look!
You're gon na need it.
She's wounded!
I know that laugh.
Once the shield is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.
You have paid the price for your lack of vision. Now, young Skywalker.you will die.
All right?
They are beautiful.
I expect the best, but I give the best.
It reminds me of the way things were before.
Welcome to the Roughnecks.
Planetary defenses are better than ever! Would you like to know more?
I wonder if there's a handful of guts in the whole bunch.
The only good bug is a dead bug! Would you like to know more?
Write me, so I'll know that we'll always be friends. Funny how they always want to be your friends after they kick your guts out.
Fire in the hole!
Hey, shoot a nuke down a bug hole, lotta dead bugs, am I right? I just hope it's not over before we get in it! Some say the bugs were provoked by human attempts to colonize within the AQZ, that a'live and let live'policy is preferable to war with the bugs.
Then I can't do this shot. you wants me to push in, I can't push in through the window.
I need a We got'em.
I need a We got'em.
I'm looking for the writer.
Get him a bottle of.get him some maple syrup.
Well, first, you got to change the title.
I'm just supposed to hold people's hands while they die.
If your memory was as long as your dick, you'd be in good shape.
Well, time will tell. That's a cut!
Everybody needs a hobby.
You are defending what you did?
Great, wallow in guilt, you sure you're not Jewish? She's not gon na die.
Knows better.
She gets out, dressed in work clothes, and pulls two bags of groceries out of the trunk.
A face, close to ours but blurry and distorted, as if seen through dirty, blue-tinted eyeglasses.
I swear to God, that man will stick it in a bowl of soup if it's still warm.
I don't know about'what happened,'Vi, because once you start writing, it all becomes fiction. Still, it certainly is an improvement over your last story: There is now at least a beginning, a middle, and an end.
I'm not an idiot, man.
It was her first time, Lenny.
I wake up with a.22-short floating in my brainpan, and a cop pension I can't live off of.
If he gives us any shit, we kill'em all.
The question is not whether I am paranoid, but whether I am paranoid enough. You want to rub my neck?
Ohhhh shit.
Nope.
I save lives.
I can't have that The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
And you're gon na be in my next song, motherfucker, it's called Robo-Spreg. It's a song about a cop who meets his worst nightmare, a nigger with enough political juice to crush his ass like a stink bug. You're gon na be famous. I don't think so.
That's it.
Shoulda told me about your new gig, buddy.
Just go!
Lenny, memories were meant to fade. They're designed that way for a reason. Have you ever been in love with somebody who didn't return that love?
See. things weren't bad enough. They weren't fucking bad enough!
Oh God, Lenny.
Dreadful business, dreadful.
Ah ah!
My theory is that everybody is a potential murderer. Didn't you ever want to kill somebody? Say one of those useless fellows Miriam was running around with? You can't go around killing people just because you think they're useless.
I have a murder on my conscience, but it's not my murder, Mr. Haines, it's yours. And as you're the one to profit, I think you should be the one to pay for it.
I don't usually talk so much.
Don't forget your sleeping bag.
I'd never see you again.
Fuck fear!
I mean, you know, at least I admit that I don't know.
Well, if you love him so much, why didn't you go see him play?
No, idealism is guilty, middle class bullshit.
Caliente.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've got ta have a Christian virgin run the board. Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
Even cigarettes are fags over there.
I've been in the locker room and seen south of the border.
Money makes your dreams come true.
My church can arrange for you to go to Oregon and take care of a'sick aunt'for nine months.
Well how'd you like me to introduce my foot into your ass?
Remember, these are the best days of your life.
You're not leaving me! Stars are ageless, aren't they?
I'm not an executive.
A stroke maybe. his coat over a chair, Come to think of it, the walks over to the win- whole place seemed to have dow, pulls down the been stricken with a kind of rickety Venetian blind.
That isn't true!
Where are your evening clothes?
They still want me!
I warn you - don't give me a fancy price just because I'm rich.
You're not leaving me!
The binoculars that grampa's gon na get me for my birthday.
It's a business lie, not a real lie.
Cheering is good.
Ow!
Down the hatch.
That guy better not be dead.
I start taking off my clothes, she fucking flips, starts screaming at me, and I'm like'Can't have coffee without cream.'
I'll write down my address and number.
Your Shadow will do the rest. Power of Shadow hear me. Find her wherever she be.
It's only a dream, anyway.
I'm up here, Superman!
We all have our faults.
Can't control it!
Jonathan!
Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secret of the universe.
There's a strong streak of good in you, Superman.
No matter that it takes an eternity!
If it wasn't for.
Even in the face of my death the richness of my life shall be yours. All that I have learned, everything I feel, all of this and more I have bequeathed to you my son. You shall carry me inside you all your days. You will make my strength your own, see my life through your eyes, as your.life will be seen through mine.
I've been in the news business man and boy for forty years. I got where I am with guts, compassion, and elbow grease - but most of all with one thing you sadly lack, my boy - aggression. Take charge, Kent: Confidence, that's the ticket!
You mean meteorites?
You diseased maniac!
Lower level, Charlie. I'm right on his ass.
Superman.
Everything's white.
You're a real pain in the neck, you know that?
I've been searching for a long time for somebody who can make these machines do things they're not supposed to do. Do you catch my drift, brother?
Well, this was only the biggest day of his life.
If somebody wanted to rob you, he'd come in with a gun and say'stick'em up.'Now they get theses blasted computers to do their dirty work!
Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled.
Hey listen, I didn't know your mama was comin'by. Sister!
Hey, thanks, Clark.
Now that Einstein is dead, you're the only one who could keep up with me. Lenny!
I've been very busy and.
Just because I use my genius in criminal ways. doesn't mean I'm not a firm believer in law and order. You men belong in prison!
And if you should see him or hear from him.
Now that Einstein is dead, you're the only one who could keep up with me. Lenny!
My greatest ever plan. I made a deal with some minor league Bad Boys.
Hmmm?
Do you think it's a personal matter with me, this boy? Are you telling me I see things in terms of personal pique? Don't you see that today that boy wiped his feet on the choice, on the predilections of sixty million men and women of the greatest country in the world! If you had any morals yourself, you would understand the immorality of that boy's stand today!
Hasta La Vista, J.J. Hasta Luego. Spahish.that must show he likes'spigs', too.
Or will I be hearing next that I don't even have my sister's welfare at heart. Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
You're from the country, not me.
Do you think it's a personal matter with me, this boy? Are you telling me I see things in terms of personal pique? Don't you see that today that boy wiped his feet on the choice, on the predilections of sixty million men and women of the greatest country in the world! If you had any morals yourself, you would understand the immorality of that boy's stand today!
That's fish four days old! I can't buy it, Susie!
My big toe would make a better President!
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel! Drop dead! It was nice knowing you, Sidney. Not cheap - but nice. Happy unemployment insurance.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid.with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men.
You were there, Frank!
That's where we met!
I wouldn't like to take a bite of you; you're a cookie full of arsenic. I still think he's responsible for the smear. Not that I'm convinced, but you'll never prove it in a million years.
Kill me! Find me a door somewhere - I walked in without knocking!
Every four years I get less convinced of that.
Susie, your brother's one of my best friends, and - I know. But someday I'd like to look into your clever mind and see what you REALLY think of him - Where do you come off to make a remark like that?
Every four years I get less convinced of that.
Hasta La Vista, J.J. Hasta Luego. Spahish.that must show he likes'spigs', too.
The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
You think of yourself - you and your column - you see yourself as a national glory.but to me, and thousands of others like me, you and your slimy scandal, your phony patriotics - to me, Mr. Hunsecker, you are a national disgrace!
I love this dirty town.
This syrup you're giving out, Sidney, you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker! What do you mean that lousy kid will give up my sister?
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!
Oh, Miss Kay, he tried to reach you.
That's where we met!
You see, it comes out in the wash of a few drinks, I'm a very sentimental guy.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid.with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men.
Tell him I said so and that, like yourself, he's got the morals of a guinea pig and the scruples of a gangster!
To get a drink before we meet the guys for a bite at eleven.
Baby, you're so money you don't even know it.
You can't see what you've got, only what you've lost.
Tee, the beautiful babies don't work Wednesdays midnight to six. This is the skank shift.
You start talking to them about puppy dogs and ice cream.
You asshole.
This place is dead, anyway.
You're so money, you don't even know.
For someone the N.S.A. has listed as the most dangerous hacker in America, you sure don't look like much.
All caught in 150 millimeter zoom, computer enhanced, and color corrected. You would practically taste the brain matter. Six hostages die.
Nine.
I am not what you think I am.
I've been told the best crackers in the world could do this in sixty minutes.
It's dark, but his pupils are pinpricks.
Sammy hits hard, breaks through the fake cement, and is dead. Blood everywhere. I know how to do it now. There are nearly thirteen million people in the world. Try to imagine that many people! None of those people is an extra. They're all the leads of their own stories.
I don't know.
The day will be the day before you died, the happiest day of my life.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willy Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor, will end up in this very place of desolation.
Caden approaches.
The scene comes alive with specific activity: weeping Hazel, a little boy in the back playing with dirt clods, a man and a woman eyeing each other flirtatiously from a distance, an old woman with Parkinson's fiddling with Rosary beads, a well- dressed woman squatting and peeing near a gravesite. A minister addresses the mourners. Everything is more complicated than you think. You only see a tenth of what is true. There are a million little strings attached to every choice you make; you can destroy your life every time you choose. But maybe you won't know for twenty years. And you'll never ever trace it to its source. And you only get one chance to play it out. Just try and figure out your own divorce. And they say there is no fate, but there is: it's what you create. Even though the world goes on for eons and eons, you are here for a fraction of a fraction of a second. Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain, wasting years, for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right. And it never comes or it seems to but doesn't really. And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope for something good to come along. Something to make you feel connected, to make you feel whole, to make you feel loved. And the truth is I'm so angry and the truth is I'm so fucking sad, and the truth is I've been so fucking hurt for so fucking long and for just as long have been pretending I'm ok, just to get along, just for, I don't know why, maybe because no one wants to hear about my misery, because they have their own, and their own is too overwhelming to allow them to listen to or care about mine.
Knowing that you don't know is the first and most essential step to knowing.Y'know?
My heart aches so much for you.
They had to fill the coffin with cotton balls to keep him from rattling around.
Well, I hope you have a nice trip, ladies. I hope we get there, wouldn't surprise me if we didn't.
You broke it! Try another trick like that on me and it'll be worse. I never played you no trick. You broke my wrist.
A real pervert. Sitting here and talking about a woman's pussy and a.44, huh?
Listen you screwheads: Here is a man.. who wouldn't take it any more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth. Here is. the taxis are roaming the slick streets.
Travis, I never ever met anybody like you before.
The life of loneliness pursues me wherever I go: in bars, cars, coffee shops, theaters, stores, sidewalks. There is no escape. I am God's lonely man. another neighborhood, LATER IN THE NIGHT. Still in SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION. I am not a fool. I will no longer fool myself. I will no longer let myself fall apart, become a joke and object of ridicule. I know there is no longer any hope.
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
Jackson Heights.
All the animals come out at night: Whores, skunk pussies, buggers, queens, fairies, dopers, junkies, sick, venal. Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the streets.
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
Hey, Sport.
And don't forget to add the new photo releases.
Listen you screwheads: Here is a man. who wouldn't take it any more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth.
Oh my God.
It's better that way.
So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that.it's Friday night for crissakes.
You've been targetted for termination.
Watch this for me, big buns.
John Connor gave me a picture of you once. I never knew why. It was very old.
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with.it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear.
If they can get this on the tube by eleven, she may just call us.
Hey, buddy, you got a dead cat in there of what? Fuck you, asshole.
Not a robot.
Look at it this way: in a hundred years, who's gon na care?
God, you can go crazy thinking about all this.I suppose I'll tell you.I owe him that. And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth. He says you are very beautiful, Senora, and he is ashamed to ask five American dollars for this picture, but if he does not, his father will beat him. That's a pretty good hustle, kid.
Fuck you, asshole.
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with.it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear.
Mil trescientos.fifteen dollars American.
Open it or he'll be dead before he hits the floor.
Douglas, I don't like seeing the patients disturbing their rooms like this.
This T-1000.
Terminator rocks out in a fury of firing/cocking/firing as the metal shafts slash down again and again.
This T-1000.
People are casually dressed, having fun.
There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
Everything's fine.
Yeah, or'later, dickwad.'Or if someone gets upset you say'chill out.'Like that. Or you can do combinations.
Remember what I said, you can't.
Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me! Because I know it happens.
Because if a machine can learn the value of human life.
I can't let you take the man's wheels, son.
There are more prisoners, a complex about a mile in What's your name, son?
Oh my God.
God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
This is no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
Bud, let me tell you something. She ain't half as smart as she thinks she is.
We have no way of warning the surface.
God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
You were forever catching colds.
It'll crush this rig like a semi driving over a beer can.
Hippy, you're going to give that rat a disease.
Howdy,y'all.
That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.
You think they're from down there originally?
Somebody just laid it down to us, man. Things ain't never gon na be the same!
Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!
Cab One, do you see it yet?
. a Caltech scientist who is among those They're acoustic shockwaves, like tsunamis, but with no seismological source.
Not a whisper, not a clue. I'm beginning to think my my brother truly is lost.
I love you.
This is my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look just like everyone else.
Gomez sits at a table, playing CHESS with Thing.
Tully shuts his eyes and tightens the rack.
You been using too damn much juice.ten thousand kilowatts again this month. Beats me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.
Where the hell is my bomber?
I'm not worth it, Buckaroo!
Where the hell is my bomber?
Sealed with a curse as sharp as a knife.doomed is your soul, and damned is your life!
I don't know.Buckaroo Banzai's never been wrong before. The man went through solid matter, for crying out loud.
I'll see you in hell!
Where the hell is my bomber?
Well, you're not destroying me like you did my sister! These antidote filters the Professor's whipped up will let you to see them like I have since yesterday, as arachtoidal creatures. They won't be pretty, nothing personal, John Parker. But just remember.if we fail tonight, there's no tomorrow. They will never surrender.
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
It would have astounded Peary to learn that, by the late 1950's and early 60's, the vast, frozen top-of-the-world he pioneered had become a vital highway for world travel and commerce.
You're definitely getting better, Harry.
Getting paid to be the asshole you always were.
Hey, the poet.
Fuck you, man!
Man, ever since old Jack Grendel died, Julian has got me into one yummy gig after the other. Not only am I producing, he's got me in some lovely-bullshit-money-money executive position.
Have I met any nice girls?
Johnny, why can't you play different kinds of music?
Any more tricks and we're not going to be able to hear his voice at all.
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
I don't want to lose you over this.
You're sassing me.
Well, no, but I could pass her a note before study hall and Tell me this: Hypothetically, what would happen I feel a nightmare coming on.
The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Well, I don't know if you recognize my voice, but this is the President. The United States.
A grey.sweater?
There's never an egg timer around when you need one. Sir, they're gon na be pressing today about whether the White House is prepared to soften the assault weapons section of the crime bill.
Now I'm onto Shepherd: The Early Years. Seven-trillion-dollar communications system at my disposal, you'd think I'd be able to find out if the Packers won.
Let me see if I've got this: The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know 13 years ago, when I wasn't President, participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against it doesn't exist anymore?
I hear it's murder this time of day.
Janie?
There's never an egg timer around when you need one. Sir, they're gon na be pressing today about whether the White House is prepared to soften the assault weapons section of the crime bill.
I'm a little.uh.what do I do?
When she called.
You scream about patriotism and you tell them she's to blame for their lot in life, you go on television and you call her a whore. Sydney Ellen Wade has done nothing to you, Bob. She has done nothing but put herself through law school, prosecute criminals for five years, represent the interests of public school teachers for two years, and lobby for the safety of our natural resources. You want a character debate? Fine, but you better stick with me,'cause Sydney Ellen Wade is way out of your league. I've loved two women in my life. I lost one to cancer, and I lost the other'cause I was so busy keeping my job I forgot to do my job.
I've lost my husband and my beeper. Have either of you seen either of them?
I don't know.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
I'd like to speak to Mr. Eichelberger.
Oh, my God.
I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing. Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform, that doesn't make me a Girl Scout. Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character, and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops.
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe, shipwrecked among eight million people.
I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing. Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform, that doesn't make me a Girl Scout. Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character, and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops.
Well, you can't win'em all.'T was the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring, Nothing, No action, Dullsville!
I don't know.
A bad insurance risk? That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go, first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
You fool, you damn fool.
They keeping you busy these days?
You've been with another woman.
Clearly, we're dealing with a maniac.
Mrs. Peel.!
She has a family of Chinese immigrants in the garage making them for her.
Well that's one of your more brilliant ideas.
So on one you are rich, on another poor.
Time lapse: the sky rapidly changes to day. When you develop an infatuation for someone, you always find a reason to believe that this is exactly the person for you.
The sacks of rice are now contained in a net being hauled upwards on a rope towards and into the chimney which rises out of the ceiling.
He looks through the tapes at a stall.
Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Fear of God makes you afraid of everything.
Well that's your perception.
Ahh fuck it, let's go bowling.
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off. Now that is ridiculous, Dude. No one is going to cut your dick off.
So every time I just want to understand this, sir every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the Come on, man, I'm not trying to scam anybody here, I'm just You're just looking for a handout like every other are you employed, Mr. Lebowski?
There's a beverage here!
Hot damn, I'm throwin'rocks tonight.
Hey! This is a private residence, man!
Awww, fuck it Dude. Let's go bowling.
I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead! You got a date Wednesday, man!
Is this your idea of a joke?
He looks like a fuckin'loser.
Keep your ugly fucking goldbricking ass out of my beach community! Jesus, man, can you change the station? Fuck you man! You don't like my fucking music, get your own fucking cab!
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
A dick, man! And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other in bed with everybody fabulous stuff, man. I'm not a ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man.
So he puts on a tourniquet, puts the hand in his pocket, walks five miles through the bush til he gets to the highway, where he passes out, on the road, right.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant! All right, I'm leaving.
It's a wandering daughter job.
We want that money, Lebowski.
They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gon na they're gon na Yeah yeah,'kill that poor woman.'Kill that poor woman. Walter, if you can't ride in a car, howd'you get around on Shammas Really, Dude, you surprise me. They're not gon na kill shit. They're not gon na do shit.
Nein dizbatcher says zere iss problem mit deine kable.
I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gon na have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron.
Is this your idea of a joke?
Yeah, this is the guy, this guy should compensate me for the fucking rug. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug. Thaaat's right Dude; they pee on your fucking Rug.
Oh for Christ will you shut the fuck up, Donny.
So every time I just want to understand this, sir every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the Come on, man, I'm not trying to scam anybody here, I'm just You're just looking for a handout like every other are you employed, Mr. Lebowski?
Anyway.
I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead!
Hey. At least I'm housebroken.
Oh fucking hell.
Hi!
It's the end of the world!
Let's see the fucking dress, mamacita, that you wore when you chased after poor daddy's money.
Seen either of'em?
Nine thousand questions about Betty's nine thousand boyfriends and I don't remember any of the names.
I think you'd rather fuck me than kill me. But you don't have the guts to do either.
Two dead, suspect dead, Raymond Douglas Nash, warrant number Blanchard!
Bucky and I want to catch a nine-thirty show.
Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me.and I wanted to tell you that I.uh.that I wish so many good things for you. I wish so hard that all of your dreams come true.
You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son! I must say, the acorn doesn't fall very far from the tree. By the way, it's time I gave you something. Come with me.
Lying is always a very effective dating tool.
Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!
No, a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man, a humble man, and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man, and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber. Let be, Toddy. Let be. I have no wish to hurt you. Stay, Toddy, don't force me to kill you, I have need of you, the great need of my pride.
We either have rank amateurs that got lucky or consummate professionals that fucked up. Join me in a drink, gentlemen. With the exception of my coffee boy, you Boston detectives are starting to show signs of intelligence. So, I am going to make you privy to some information that you would not normally be. These men are all Russian mob. Not like those two peons in the alley the other day. These guys are all syndicate bosses and underbosses. I have a dossier on every man in this room. Since the Iron Curtain has gone down, the Russian syndicates have started to come here. And in the spirit of Glasnost the Soviets have opened their borders to the mafia. But the Italians, they're not convinced that the grounds in mother Russia are fertile enough for organized crime yet.
Hey, there Boris. What would you say if I told you that your pinko, commie mother sucked so much dick.
Yeah.
And they're not letting me renew my lease. I got'til the end of the week to come up with 26,000 dollars, or they take the place.
Catch you on the flip side.
They are two ordinary men who were put in an extraordinary situation and they just happened to come out on top.
You people have been chosen to reveal our existence to the world.
Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
I could snap my fingers and have you dead in four hours, rotting in a truck off of Boyleston! You insignificant little fuck! I always get my fuckin'money!
Nine! Nine! While Greenly's getting coffee, anybody else want anything?
The shooter knew these guys, huh?
Listen fellas,Y'know he's got'til this week's end. Ya don't have ta be hard asses, do ya?
That was some good fuckin'rope. That was way easier than I thought.
So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen? I think it's better if we find this man before he finds us again.
I ain't getting him no fuckin'bagel. We'll start the ass kissing with you. Agent Smecker.
I ain't getting him no fuckin'bagel. We'll start the ass kissing with you. Agent Smecker.
I ain't getting him no fuckin'bagel. We'll start the ass kissing with you. Agent Smecker.
Listen fellas,Y'know he's got'til this week's end. Ya don't have ta be hard asses, do ya?
Friends, Gentlemen.
You're the only person I know. I guess you're not home. Monsieur Bourne.I'm coming.
Marie, He's dead isn't he?
You're the only person I know. I guess you're not home. Monsieur Bourne.I'm coming.
I was warned but.
This is a live project and you are go. Training is over.
Through the store room.
They're coming.
Do you know who I am?
Do you even know why you're trying to kill me?
Every dirty little secret he has. And most of all, we want the name and real time location of his source.
Do you even know why you're trying to kill me?
I just know my number one rule is'the only way to stay safe is to assume the worst.'As far as I'm concerned Bourne is a serious threat until proven otherwise.
You're nine hours behind the toughest target you've ever tracked.
Dear Mr. Vernon.we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was that we did wrong, what we did was wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write this essay telling you who we think we are, what do you care? You see us as you want to see us.in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athelete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal.
You're an asshole! So sue me.
Do you know how popular I am?
Dear, isn't our son swell?
Excuse me, sir, why would anybody want to steal a screw?
Don't mess with the bull young man, you'll get the horns. That man.is a brownie hound. You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch.
If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy!
Beats me.
Don't mess with the bull young man, you'll get the horns. That man.is a brownie hound. You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch.
Thank you!
God damnit!
Well everyone's home lives are un- satisfying.If it wasn't, people would live with there parents forever.
I already have.I've done just about everything there is except a few things that are illegal.I'm a nymphomaniac!
If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy!
You whip it out and you're dead before the first drop hits the floor! You're pretty sexy when you get angry.grrr!
Maybe so, but following a broom around after shitheads like you for the past eight years I've learned a couple of things.I look through your letters, I look through your lockers.I listen to your conversations, you don't know that but I do.I am the eyes and ears of this institution my friends.
The false alarm you pulled, Friday, false alarms are really funny, aren't they.What if your home, what if your family. what if your dope was on fire?
I make $ 31,000 dollars a year and I have a home and I'm not about to throw it away on some punk like you.But someday, man, someday. When you're outta here and you've forgotten all about this place. And they've forgotten all about you and you're wrapped up in your own pathetic life.I'm gon na be there. That's right. And I'm gon na kick the living shit out of you, man, I'm gon na knock your dick in the dirt!
I dunno.
You see, I'm not sure if you know this.but there are two kinds of fat people. There's fat people that were born to be fat, and then there's fat people that were once thin but they became fat.so when you look at them you can sorta see that thin person inside!
You're just pissed off because she got you to admit something you didn't want to admit to.
Yeah.I always carry this much shit.in my bag.You never know when you may have to jam. Are you gon na be like a shopping bag lady? You know like, sit in alleyways and like talk to buildings and wear men's shoes and that kinda thing?
Don't mess with the bull young man, you'll get the horns. That man.is a brownie hound.
I make $ 31,000 dollars a year and I have a home and I'm not about to throw it away on some punk like you.But someday, man, someday. When you're outta here and you've forgotten all about this place. And they've forgotten all about you and you're wrapped up in your own pathetic life.I'm gon na be there. That's right. And I'm gon na kick the living shit out of you, man, I'm gon na knock your dick in the dirt!
You whip it out and you're dead before the first drop hits the floor! You're pretty sexy when you get angry.grrr!
I won't apologize for who I am. No one's asking you to!
Well, go to hell! It isn't human not to feel lonely, it isn't human not to afraid! You're a hypocrite and you're a phony! I DON'T WANT TO NEED YOU! WHY? BECAUSE I CAN'T HAVE YOU!
You all came home. And with you, my life of details. A day or two past and with each thought of him, a task would present itself like a life saver, pulling me further and further away from those four days.
I hate this life, I hate it, I hate that you won't fucking listen to me for one goddamn second.
Eat your waffles, fat man. Unaware that the Brothers Bloom are in fact the two most highly respected art smugglers in the western world?
Some barrier within the younger Bloom was broken.
So in the end, everyone gets everything he wants. That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me.
Trying to get something real by telling yourself stories is a trap.
You're the only audience I've ever needed.
Penelope and Yeungling will stay with the car, Bloom and I will do the handing.
Well shit.
If that's your thing, fuckin tell it like you own it. When you've got a spotlight in front of your feet, man, fuckin jump into it and dance the shit out of it. Stop fuckin thinking so much. Enjoy the fuckin ride. Fuck.
Nice to see you, too.
What you deserve is a better brother and father. All they do is make you feel like shit. You really have no clue how beautiful you are, do you?
When you change who people are, you destroy who they were. Who's to say you can't make things better? You can't play God, son. It must end with me. Just by being here, you may be killing your mother.
Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
When you change who people are, you destroy who they were. Who's to say you can't make things better? You can't play God, son. It must end with me. Just by being here, you may be killing your mother.
I haven't been to medical school I haven't even been to high school! But you've studied with the old man for years!
I am enjoying being a lobsterman and an orchardman in fact, I have never enjoyed myself so much.
This is a far superior taste and crisp, too! You know, so many apples are disappointingly mealy. I wonder of most of the apples in my life weren't meant for pies!
You better not forget it, now beat it.
It coulda been a lot worse.
Early abuse and rejection have taught them passivity. Only in their violent fantasies do they feel alive. What they seek in their frenzied assaults on their victims is relief from passivity. For these men, ten minutes relief is worth far more than the life of another human being. Torture, the pain they inflict, the screams of the victim, are all part of the ritual that gives them a brief respite from their own psychic pain. And then the depression, the forgetting, the feeling of sadness and despair begins the cycle all over again.
Fresh off some fucking E-ticket ride, looking to break the house on red and black. Fremont's never been about that bullshit. This is where old time and real money comes to play. The numbers, they don't back you up, Shelly. Nostalgia's grand. We all love nostalgia, but it belongs in a museum. I think it's time to decide whether you're running a museum or a casino.
Litterbug of the Living Dead.
You walk outta here Top Dollar will erase your ass! Top Dollar owns the fucking street here and you can't dick with me, you son of a bitch! One chance to live.
You got me, dead bang. You are seriously fucked up, man.
Holy shit. you're dead, man.
I believe there's a place where the restless souls wander.
Eric liberates T-Bird's automatic from the shoulder holster; Eric's hand closes T-Bird's door for him.
You got me, dead bang. You are seriously fucked up, man.
Oh, bullshit! You're trespassing asshole, you're breakin'and enterin'and you just bought me a fucking door!
Business.
I squirt you with this, you could jump in the Detroit river and burn all the way to the bottom. You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it. Wish I coulda seen that.
Hey, I got my rocks off, so fuck you in the ass, man.
A murder.
Nemo's an old gash-hound.
I'm the boiling man, Monkey. I'm the plague of Darkness and the death of the first-born. All your nightmares rolled into one. Whoa.this shit's flammable!
You tell me. The Crow is the source of his power - his link between this world and the next. Sever that link and he's as vulnerable as the next man.
See no evil.
Want to grab a beer, then?
You took my son's life. Some people are born victims. It takes two to make a murder.
We cut to an extreme high-angle shot - God's omniscient POV, perhaps. leans up against his motorcycle a few yards away - big, burly, shaved head, a ciggie hanging from his lips. He's got a custom paint-job on his pearl drop gas tank - a buxom blonde doing the'wild thing'with the Grim Reaper.
Trust me.
This guy David Jenkins came back as a ghost because my uncle owed him four dollars.
Question.
What fucking scar?
If you must know, we have a long standing agreement never to go to bed sober.
As hard as I try, I can't remember her name.
You can be mad as a mad dog at the way things went.You can swear, curse the fates, regret everything you ever did. but when it comes to the end. You have to let go. I buried him in the Button family plot.
Will you still love me when my step gets slow. when I sleep too much. when you have to push me in a chair.
Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
How much longer do I have to live, Mother?
Nothing I ever did will replace that.'What I think is.''.What I think is, it's never too late.or, in my case, too early, to be whoever you want to be.There's no time limit, start anytime you want.change or stay the same.there aren't any rules.We can make the best or worst of it.I hope you make the best.I hope you see things that startle you. Feel things you never felt before.
Would you like to go for a walk?
Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people.
What if I was to tell you I wasn't getting older, I was getting younger than everybody else.
My sister gave those pearls to me.
Bloody Southerners.
Like that.
You're a real screwball.
Gee, I'd like to get inside and see how it works.
All vehicles close in.
It's been this way for two hours and the tension Just a minute, ladies and gentlemen!
I must tell you in all honesty that I'm extremely dubious about the results. Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are. I've been dealing in Earth's politics a good deal longer than you have.
The slug enters the skull by forming a small entrance hole. Blood and brain matter is ejected backwards from this hole.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
I'm not in that line of work just presently because I don't have ten thousand dollars. As a matter of fact I have never had ten thousand dollars.
What, are you waiting for him to chop me up and feed me to the poor?
If we're not going to make it, it's got to be you that gets out. I'm not capable I'm fuckin'Irish, so I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life. Not a bad idea, another city. Of course I know how to spot a cop.
Just fucking kill me. I am killing you.
One of us was going to have to die. With me it tends to be the other guy.
Why do you do it?
I'm concerned about Chinamen who think it's wise to bring automatic weapons to a business transaction.
I know that guy.
That was his insurance.
I think women basically have a comic approach to life, I mean how can they not when they look up in the dark and see a dangling penis, seeking entry. It looks like a facey'know, little beard'Hi mom'I wan na get inside you. Look around.'Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah, funky chicken do da da'love my girl', Let's go wild child, let's get out there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam, rock and roll.all the poetry has wolves in it, but one Pam, the most beautiful one of all, dances in a ring of fire and throws off the challenge with a shrug I like it when you sing to me'cause I'm the poet and you're my muse What am I going to do about these papers!
'You know that it would be untrue You know that I would be a liar If I was to say to you Girl, we couldn't get much higher'F sharp. chorus'Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire.'Okay man there's some good changes in there.
Death does not part, only lack of love, and the vow is forever in the Goddess'sight. Run with me, run with me Run with me, let's run Some outlaws live by the side of a lake The minister's daughter's in love with a snake Who lives in a well by the side of the road Wake up girl! We're almost home We shall see the gates by morning We shall be inside by evening Sun, sun, sun Burn, burn, burn Moon, moon, moon! I will GET YOU Soon, soooooooon.
You have very serious-serious hair, it needs to rebel.
First Hendrix now Janis Robbie flew to Hawaii legalities pending dispositions book in Toronto interview with PBS renew your diverse license psychic predictions nine paternity suits fifty thousand dollar bond recoup our losses Pamela's shopping spree with your credit card Morrison Hotel some-body from film school mountain of coke in the broom closet Jac Holzman eight thirty in the morning remix perform schedule Paul Rothchild taxes Texas teenyboppers tomorrow.
Jim Morrison, now you stop joking you hear me, cut it out! .was it all right Jim, did you enjoy it when it came my baby?
I'm gon na cut your balls off Morrison! You want'em? FUCK YOU.
Strange days have found us And through their strange hours We linger alone Morrison!
There is no longer belief.
Well, to be honest they're not living anymore so I don't like to talk about that.
1400 buildings burned, 5000 people have just lost their homes as Detroit joins more than 100 cities torn by riots this hot summer! No wonder'Light My Fire's'number one. What about you handsome? The biggest mistakes in my life have been haircuts. Don't wash it. Don't set it. He likes it the way it is.
Hey whatcha got here?
Nietzche said'all great things must first wear monstrous and terrifying masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity'.
I think when you make peace with authority, you become authority.
We took drugs to EXPAND MINDS ASSHOLE, not ESCAPE.
This is the end of the line, you'll have to leave now.
When will the wind be aweary of blowing over the sky? When will the clouds be aweary of fleeting? When will the heart be aweary of beating, and nature die? Never, oh! Never, nothing will die. the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die. Mr. Treves, there is something I've been meaning to ask you for some time.
.Am I a good man or am I a bad man?
I am not an animal. I'm not. I'm not. I am a man.
Now, say the whole thing again, Hello.
People are often frightened by what they don't understand. And it is hard to understand, even for myself, for you see, Mother was so very beautiful.
Life is full of surprises. Ladies and gentlemen, consider the fate of this creature's poor mother. In the fourth month of her maternal condition, she was struck down by a wild elephant Struck down, if you take my meaning, on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see ladies and gentlemen.
I think I must be.
Would you like me to?
I once traveled with a terrific guide, who was taking me to Faya. He didn't speak for nine hours. At the end of it he pointed at the horizon and said - Faya! That was a good day!
You idiot.
Geoffrey gave me your monograph when I was reading up on the desert. Very impressive.
There is no God.
Stupid of me.
It's not over everywhere.
There was a general who wore a patch over a perfectly good eye. The men fought harder for him.
There is no God.
I'm one of his ghosts and he wouldn't even know. It's like he slammed a door in Cairo and it trapped my fucking hands in Tobruk.
Every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it was full again.
I don't know.
Momma?
You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker!
Some interesting finds.
If that's true, then you must know my mother's maiden name.
He had a pretty rough knock last night poor guy, his mother passed away.
Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me.
So don't listen, remember that, do not listen. I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested.
Lick me! Lick me!
Look, he wouldn't have any reason to be up there in the first place.
Take me!
O'Lord hear my prey.
Lieutenant?
You fiend!
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find. You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
The power of Christ compels you.
There's not a day in my life when I don't feel like a fraud.
Never seen it before in my life.
Lick me! Lick me!
Stay away!
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find. You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
You been kissing ass so long you're starting to like it? You let that guy turn us into clowns tonight. We were always small time, but we were never clowns, Frank. What's happened to your dignity?
I mean, you're not gon na start dreaming about me and waking up all sweaty and looking at me like I'm some kinda princess when I burp.
Hey!
You learned everything there was to know about toothpaste and then you pounced. That's our play here. If you could take a dump some time in this century, then we could go home where its warm. That is if I can even remember how to get home. You remember, dont you girl?
I dont want you marring this exquisite leather interior.
Okay look, you probably dont want to hear this right now but remember what you told me last summer when I almost had that thing with Arnie Jr.'s speech therapist. Dont screw up the best thing in your life just because youre a little unsure about who you are.
Appipulai Leeloo Minai.
I hate when people cry. I got no defense.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we're being.
I've never heard anything so beautiful in my life. You're a good man.
Why the hell is it eating up all those satellites like that?
Well.
I can't believe I'm on a first name basis with these people.
No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God, because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting, I slept with a few saints and let me tell you. < u > Booooorring < /u >!. And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know, work it out.
Come on, let us go to that place of splendor in the grass.
You wan na hear my new title for my biography, my little Italian friend.
I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh and I can't find my baby.
You didn't kill anybody.
Hope it ain't like this in Baltimore tomorrow.
By the time it gets down to nickel bags it's at least thirty-two million!
Who's Monica?
A minute ago you tell me he's part of the wreckage, now you're - Renfro - Take that bus apart. I want an accurate body count. Poole - Set up operations right here. Ladies and gentlemen. our fugitive's been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground - barring injury is approximately four miles an hour, giving us a radius of six miles.
Happy to be alive.
You're back with your own people now.
Look at me. I am the Devil. I am a man of peace. Am I to take it you want to live?
Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor. My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands. I like the blood, is that strange?
Gentlemen, there's no sickness smell at all here, and little blood. When we leave, close the gate securely, don't open it til morning and keep your fires high.
I am desperate to see Africa- but I hate the leaving.
It's called work, princess.
A beautiful, never ending nothing.
As a girl, you see the world like a giant candy store, filled with sweet candy and such. But one day you look around and see a prison and you're on death row. You wan na run, or scream or cry.
That's why I ain't never married. You got yourself the best fish in the sea. I wonder what it'd be like to be a woman. All that smooth skin and long hair. If I was a woman, I'd be a slut.
Hey, Gwen.
Except at the end, the boy kills himself by drinkin'a bottle of bug poison. Your stories are intense.
Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin'to tell you.
There's a Retail Rodeo special on all bulk candy on aisle four.
He has this idea in his head that we've had some sort of affair. Which is crazy because I'm, I'm married. He's been sayin'all sorts of strange things, and makin'threats.
A blind man can go deaf. A widow can lose her children. Babies starve and they never get food. They never get any food. They just come into the world and they die.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
That's why I ain't never married. You got yourself the best fish in the sea. I wonder what it'd be like to be a woman.
