Who knocked up your sister?
I watched you out there I've never seen you look like that
You're eighteen. You don't know what you want. You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.
See that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
You're asking me out. That's so cute. What's your name again?
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
And I'm back in the saddle.
I guess the school board thinks because Hemingway's male and an asshole, he's worthy of our time
I have a dick on my face, don't I?
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
You know, you're not as vile as I thought you were.
You know, it's not every day you find a girl who'll flash her tits to get you out of detention.
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
Wait, was that? Did your hairline just recede?
Remove head from sphincter! Then pedal!
Of all the words my Father wrote and there were many, I remember these the most.'Nothing that results from human progress is achieved with unanimous consent.'
Be careful. I can kill you. I'm insane.
I love America. No one is responsible for what they do.
Good morning and welcome to voice Print Identification. When you see the red light go on would you please state in the following order; your desitination, your nationality and your full name. Surname first, christian name and initial. For example: Moon, American, Smith, John, D. Thank you.
'Star light, star bright, First star I've seen tonight, Wish I may, wish I might, Have this wish I wish tonight.'
He's a brutal motherfucker, man. He loves what he does for a living.
I didn't mean to hurt you, sir. if you had shot me, you'd be mopping up my blood now.
Where are John Joe Jake Jim Jerk, dead dead dead, they were not born before they were born, they were not born, where are Leonardo, Mozart, Shakespeare, alive alive alive, they were born -
Walter's got a clear mind. Probably something will enter it, feel lonely, and leave again.
Ring rubber bells, beat cotton gongs, strike silken cymbals.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell hard but I did not snuff it, oh no. if I had snuffed it, I would not be here to tell what I have told. I came back to life, after a long, black, black gap of what might have been a million years. We hear Alex moan, and then another moan. Alex and the other - a few times. Suddenly, some curtains which have been drawn around another bed in the ward are parted, and a nurse hurries to Alex, hastily buttoning up her uniform. She is trailed by a young Intern fumbling with his trousers.
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
Enjoying it then, my darling?. A bit cold and pointless isn't it, my lovely. What's happened to yours, my little sister? Marty giggles.
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
Viddy well, my little Brother. Viddy well.
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does, helping like. here and there, as it might be.
Pick that up and put it down properly. Alex does so, and continues to empty his pockets.
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
What you got back home, little sister, to play your fuzzy warbles on? I bet you got little save pitiful portable picnic players. Come with Uncle and hear all proper. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
As we walked along the flatblock marina, I was calm on the outside but thinking all the time, so now it was to be Georgie the General, saying what we should do and what not to do, and Dim as his mindless, grinning bulldog. But, suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones use like inspiration and what Bog sends, for now it was lovely music that came to my aid and I viddied at once what to do. There was a window open with the stereo on.
It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now to give it the perfect ending was a bit of the old Ludwig van. Music starts.
I woke up. The pain and sickness all over me like an animal. Then I realised what it was. The music coming up from the floor was our old friend, Ludwig van and the dreaded 9th Symphony. He staggers to the door. It is locked. He kicks and tugs the door.
Shut your filthy hole, you scum!
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash'em. Pick up th elot and f. owww. He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Ho, Ho, Ho. Well, if it isn't stinking Billygoat Billyboy in poison. How are thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou. Billyboy snaps open a switchblade knife.
The Durango-95 purred away real horrorshow - a nice, warm vibraty feeling all through your guttiwuts. Soon it was trees and dark, my brothers, with real country dark. We fillied around for a while with other travelers of the night, playing hogs of the road. Then we headed west, what we were after now was the old surprise visit, that was a real kick and good for laughs and lashing of the ultra-violent.
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie and Dim and we sat in the Korova milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova Milk Bar sold milkplus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence. Our pockets were full of money so there was no need on that score, but, as they say, money isn't everything.
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
I strenuously object? Is that how it works? Objection. Overruled. No, no, no, no, I strenuously object. Oh, well if you strenuously object, let me take a moment to reconsider.
What do we do then, sir? We joined the corps'cause we wanted to live our lives by a certain code. And we found it in the corps. And now you're asking us to sign a piece of paper that says we have no honor. You're asking us to say we're not marines. If a judge and jury decide that what we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever punishment they give. But I believe I was riqht, sir. I believe I did my job. And I won't dishonor myself, my unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo home in six months. Sir.
Why does a junior grade with six months experience and a track record for plea bargaining get assigned a murder case? Would it be so that it never sees the inside of a courtroom?
Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
You have to ask me nicely. You see, Danny, I can deal with the bullets and the bombs and the blood. I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear. I don't want money and I don't want medals. What I want is for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform, and with your Harvard mouth, extend me some fuckin'courtesy. You got ta ask me nicely.
Take caution in your tone, Commander. I'm a fair guy, but this fuckin'heat's making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds? On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that it's an invaluable part of close infantry training, and if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my base how I run my base. You want to investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So don't for one second think you're gon na come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
Please, spare me the psycho-babble father bullshit. Dawson and Downey'll have their day in court, but they'll have it with another lawyer.
Ah, I keep forgetting: You were sick the day they taught law at law school.
So this is what a courtroom looks like.
What would you like to discuss now! My favorite color?
Oh, now I see what you're saying. It had to be Professor Plum in the library with the candlestick.
Maybe if we work at it we can get Dawson charged with the Kennedy assassination.
What happened to saluting an officer when he leaves the room?
Boys, you don't know what this means to me. If you hadn't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh for life.
He's sex-obsessed, the older generation are leading this country to galloping ruin.
God knows what you've unleashed on the unsuspecting South. It'll be wine, women and song all the way with Ringo once he's got the taste for it.
He's very touchy about those his drums, they loom large in his legend.
You won't interfere with the basic rugged concept of my personality, will you, girl?
I'm going parading before it's too late!
That's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches. I don't go round messing about with your ear-phones, do I?
Sorry if we hurt your field, Mister.
Give me a bottle of milk and a packet of Oblivion. Oh, it's a plot, I see it now, it's all a plot.
I now declare this bridge open.
One, two, Freddie's coming for you, three four, better lock your door, five six, grab your crucifix, seven eight gon na stay up late, nine ten, never sleep again.
I'm gon na punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are.
I don't know who he is. But he's burned, he wears a weird hat, a red and yellow sweater, real dirty, and he uses some sort of knifes he's got made into a sort of. glove. Like giant fingernails.
Guys can have nightmares too,y'know. You ain't got a corner on the fucking market or something.
Maybe we're gon na have the Big Earthquake. They say things get weird just before that.
Hold your horses. You got ta cut your nails or stop that kind of dreaming, Tina. One or the other.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard. We play in your court.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
Meanwhile whatever you do don't fall asleep. Midnight.
I'm your boyfriend now.
Holy shit! Midnight. Baseball bats and boogemen. Unfucking real.
I probably could've saved her if I'd moved sooner. But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before. There. was this guy who had knives for fingers.
Nancy. You dreamed about the same creep I did, Nancy.
I believe in you, me, and Rock and Roll. And I'm not too sure about you lately.
I ain't gon na dream no more, no more, I ain't gon na dream no more. All night long I sing this song,'cause I ain't gon na dream no more.
Do you like my body, Joey?
If your only faith is science, Doctor. it may be you that's laid to rest.
This is where he takes us.
Have a nice stroll, asshole.
Let's snuff the fucker.
Hi. Welcome to the Snake Pit.
In my dreams, I can walk. My legs are strong.
YOU STUPID BITCH! YOU'RE KILLING US! KILLING US!
It's now or never. I won't kid you. This is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in the dream, it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
My God. You were his mother.
I need to draw some blood.
You can check in, but you can't check out!
Welcome to wonderland, Alice! Hahahaha!
Youshouldn't've buried me.I'm not dead.
This ain't my dreamland. KRISTEN. IF YOU HERE I'M GON NA POUND YOUR ASS!
A true warrior, Rick-san, needs no eyes.
If the food don't kill ya, the service will, hahaha!
Ninja warriors have calm. Find your balance, Rick.
You think you got what it takes, I been guarding my gate forever, hahaha!
Hi, handsome. Care for some buns?
All the towns in America, I had to move to the Bermuda triangle.
Joey! Kincaid!
How sweet! Fresh meat!
How's this for a wet dream?
Alright, asleep or awake, I'm gon na punch his ticket in.
Go ahead, Jesse. Try it on for size!
You're not afraid of him! He doesn't even exist.
He can't fight me. I'm him.
Alright then, what is it? Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying?
He must've been working late and some fruitcake came in and sliced him up like a kielbasa. In the shower! Left bloody footprints all over the.
If you want to play with animals, Mr. Walsh, join the circus.
Kill me! Please kill me!
Wake up, little girl.
I believe you. You had some scary dreams, okay?
Why can't Jesse wake up like every- body else?
Why don't you shut up and let her talk! Two of us died in the last two days, does that strike you as particularly normal?!
Nine ten, Freddy's back again.
All right, Krueger. This time it's for keeps.
Don't dream and drive!
Nothing but the best for Greta!
Kids! Always a disappointment.
Time to feel the need for speed, Dickweed!
You know, Phillip, you have a goddammed red, white and blue American right to eat cotton candy and ride roller coasters.
Yer'a fuckin'crazy man.
Naw, Phillip, I need me a time machine with a loud radio to take me where I'm goin'. Walkin's for squares.
Sy Ableman was a serious man!
I feel like the carpet's been yanked out from under me. I don't know which end is up. I'm not even sure how to react; I'm too confused. Rabbi Scott What reasons did she give? For the rupture?
Look, something is very wrong! I don't want Santana Abraxis! I've just been in a terrible auto accident! Beat.
It's like the wind. I can't see it but I feel it.
'Yes. You're beautiful.'
That maniac should be wearing a number, not a badge.
I wish it was true. Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? If only I could do stuff like that, I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings.
Luther. Your life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R.
you know what it's like being the only kid in show and tell who got to talk about visiting day?
Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught, you don't know the heat on this.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
You don't need an appointment, Mr. Sullivan..
You work with your hands, don't you?
I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years and when she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy: she was going to outlive me.
Miss Russell, I should have called the police that night. But I was weak. You convinced me to stay silent. I regret that. Know this: every time I see your face I want to rip your throat out.
So, do you want my confession now or after coffee?
Warning! Assholes are closer than they appear! The dog is barking insanely.
Your gun's digging into my hip. More kissing, the Ace stops.
Be careful with that phone, lieutenant. I wouldn't want you to get a tumor.
If I'm not back in five minutes call Lloyd Bridges.
It was all that Dan Marino's fault, everyone knows that. If he had held the ball laces out, like you're supposed to, Ray would never have missed that kick. Dan Marino should die of Gonorrhea and rot in Hell. Would you like a cookie, son? Ace takes a cookie. Holding it up.
I made some refreshments, Dan. Would you like some refreshments, Dan? I'll be right back, Daaaan! She goes. Dan struggles, but to no avail.
Hey, Ventura! Make any good collars lately?
Who let Dr. Doolittle in? Emilio steps in immediately.
That was a close one, ladies and gentlemen. Unfortunately, in every contest, there must be.
Uh oh, I think I heard a toilet flush. Maybe someone lost their turtle? Everyone has a laugh. Ace looks beaten.
Excuse me, guy?! My name is Ace Ventura, I'm a pet detective. I'd like to ask you a few questions if I could. No one even looks at him.
Oh, there is just one more thing, Lieutenant. This man is Roger Podacter's neighbor. He lives across the hall. He said he heard a scream, is that right, sir? The neighbor nods. Ace turns to the apartment manager.
See her? I fucked her up the ass.
I'll tell you a story. I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish. I had sixty goddamn fish tanks in my house. I'd skin-dive to find just the right ones. Anisotremus virginicus, Holacanthus ciliaris, Chaetodon capistratus. You name it. Then one day I say, fuck fish. I renounce fish.
Here's me! Here's me again!'I wanted to know what it's like to care about something passionately.'
Okay, but there's a twist. See, we find out the killer suffers from multiple personality disorder. Okay? See, he's really also the cop and the girl. All of them. It's all him! Isn't that crazy?
John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch-shouldered and sharply handsome despite the fact that he is missing all his front teeth.
Oh man. I'd fuck her up the ass.
There are too many ideas and things and people, too many directions to go. I was starting to believe the reason it matters to care passionately about something is that it whittles the world down to a more manageable size.
You and I share the same DNA. Is there anything more lonely than that?
You will say I should have known terrible things were about to happen, and perhaps I should have. But even so, what could I have done by then? Wade never went inside. He lived almost wholly out there on his skin, with no interior space to retreat to, even in a crisis.
This is the story of my older brother's strange criminal behavior and disappearance. We who loved him no longer speak of Wade. It's as if he never existed. By telling his story like this, as his brother, I separate myself from his family and those who loved him. Everything of importance, that is, everything that gives rise to the telling of this story, occurred during a single deer-hunting season in a small town in upstate New Hampshire where Wade was raised and so was I. One night something changed and my relation to Wade's story was different from what it had been since childhood. I mark this change by Wade's tone of voice during a phone call two nights after Halloween. Something I had not heard before. Let us imagine that around eighto'clock on Halloween Eve, speeding past Toby's, Route 29, comes a pale green eight-year-old Ford Fairlane with a police bubble on top. A square-faced man wearing a trooper's cap is driving the vehicle. Beside him sits a child, a little girl with a plastic tiger mask covering her face. The man is driving fast
Not a one of you is worth a goddamned hair on that good woman's head!
I've got sons, Goddamnit, oh my God, have I got sons! Wade? Rolfe? Elbourne? You love me boys? Do you love your Pop? Of course you do!
Alma, I think there's some dirty business going on in this town.
Oh, Jesus, Sally, you are such a Goddamned good person! Capital G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
I get to feeling like a whipped dog some days, Rolfe, and some night I'm going to bite back. I swear it.
She won't be here for a half hour. Think you can stand it that long?
That's what I love about a small town. You know everybody.
With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. Probably to a younger, more desirable female. One who doesn't have any'issues.'Whatever that means.
As much as God loves you.
I don't know the meaning behind the song she sang. Perhaps it was a song of seduction. And the father was a fieldhand. Perhaps the song was simply a lullaby that she remembered from many years ago. And the father was hope and. and love and desire. And a belief in miracles.
As much as Mother Miriam does?
They've changed their bearing. Air Force One. Air Force One.
No matter what happens, you have been and always will be my hero.
Welcome aboard, sir.
Gentlemen, welcome to Air Force One.
Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gon na hit the fan.
This guy doing the flying has no airline experience at all. He'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air. Yes, birds too.
Joey, have you ever been in a Turkish prison?
Shana, they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let'em crash!
I just wanted to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
The tower! Oh! Rapunzel! Rapunzel!
Where did you get that dress? It's an eye- sore!
He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole!
My, stomach. I haven't felt this awful since we saw that Lina Wertmuller film.
No, we can't do that; the risk of a flameout is too great. Keep him 24,000. No, feet!
No wonder you're upset. She's lovely. And a darling figure. Supple, pouting breasts. Firm thighs. It's a shame you're not getting along.
Well, I'll give him another twenty minutes, but that's it.
I think you ought to know what our chances are. The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
Then a dryness in the throat. As the virus penetrates the red blood cells the victim becomes dizzy and begins to experience a rash and itching. From there the poison works its way into the central nervous system causing severe muscle spasms, followed by the inevitable drooling. At this point, the entire digestive system is rendered useless, causing the complete collapse of the lower bowels, accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence.until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering, wasted piece of jelly.
I've got to get Ted. Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
We just keep running into each other, don't we,
Oh, Al. I'm gettin'kind of fond of you, kid. Not
Oh, nice shot, Jaf
You've heard of the golden rule, haven't you boy?
Who disturbs my slumber?
Ladies and gentlemen, a warm Agrabah welcome for
Look at that, Abu. It's not every day you see a
You're speechless, I see. A fine quality in a
I don't know where she gets it from. Her mother
Don King talks black, lives white and thinks green! Why you defending him and'brother'Herbert?
Float like a butterfly! Sting like a bee! Rumble, young man, rumble. Aaaaaaargh!
What's my name, motherfucker?!
I ain't draft dodgin'! I ain't goin'to Canada. I ain't burnin'my draft card. I ain't burnin'the flag. I'm stayin'right here. And you want to throw me in jail? Go ahead. I'll do my time. I been in jail four hundred years. I'll be in jail four, five more. But I ain't goin'ten thousand miles to help murder and kill poor people for you.'Cause if I'm gon na die, I'll die now, right here, fighting you. If I wan na die. You my enemy, not Vietcong or Chinese or Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. You want me to go somewhere for you, but you won't even stand up for me in America, for my rights and beliefs, you won't even stand up for me here at home.
Man, I'm the only normal person left around here and I'm a black Jew who can't read and is half drunk.
No Vietcong ever called me nigger.
.what Heavyweight Champion of the World? I'm not the champ. I am retired, finished, out of the game. And I ain't gon na let myself grieve and suffer none. But I know I will not fight again.
A thousand dollars to the man who brings me Howard Cosell's toupee! Dead or alive!
Just short of Zeta II Reticuli. We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
This is deep space commercial vessel SNARK, registration number E180246, calling Antarctica air traffic control. Do you read me? Over.
Your mother mates out of season.
If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
That is exactly so. It is like your name. Sykes. I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like'ss'aik'ss', two words in my language which mean'excrement'and'cranium'.
Intruder on level one. all aliens please proceed to level one.
Beautiful. beautiful butterfly.
She is severely fuckable, isn't she? - And the very devil with a socket wrench.
Don't push me, little Annalee. You hang with us a while, you'll learn I'm not the man with whom to fuck.
Don't touch me.
You're a thing. A construct. They grew you in a fucking lab.
My mom always said there were no monsters, no, real ones, but there are.
Christie, do me a favor. When we hit the surface on the other side. no backstroke. Okay?
We should get back,'cause it'll be dark soon. They come mostly at night. Mostly.
Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got out asses kicked, pal!
In seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska.
You always were an asshole, Gorman.
Maybe we got'em demoralized.
Outstanding. Then all we need's a deck of cards. All right, let's move like we got a purpose.
You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
Suck air. Hey, Hicks.you look like I feel.
Lights are green. She's alive. Well, there goes out salvage, guys.
Removed surgically before embryo implantation. Subject: Marachuk, John L. Died during procedure. They killed him getting it off.
Hah! Stop your grinnin'and drop your linen! Found'em.
She don't like the cornbread either.
Sealed. Hudson, run a bypass.
This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall!
What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin'at her rear end.
There never was, there'll never be another like you.
Peace and quit is for libraries.
nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be. I
The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?
That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability. But that, in itself, is probably the reason. You're an improbable person, Eve, and so am I. We have that in common. Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love or be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent. We deserve each other. Are you listening to me?
Fasten your seat belts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
Too bad! We'll miss the third act. They're going to play it off stage.
Margo Channing is the Star of the Theater. She made her first stage appearance, at the age of four, in'Midsummer Night's Dream'. She played a fairy and entered - quite unexpectedly - stark naked. She has been a Star ever since.
Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?
What fire and music?
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. To each of us and all of us. never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.
Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?
I detest cheap sentiment.
The minor awards, as you can see, have already been presented. Minor awards are for such as the writer and director - since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it and no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington. Eve. but more of Eve, later. All about Eve, in fact.
We all come into this world with our little egos equipped with individual horns. If we don't blow them - who will?
Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.
Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to. well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill. funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted. and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman. slow curtain. The end.
Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.
We all have abnormality in common. We are a breed apart from the rest of the humanity, we Theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities.
You're maudlin and full of self pity. You're magnificent.
- and I'll never forget you, Eve. Where were we going that night, Lloyd and I? Funny the things you remember - and the things you don't.
Within your time, buster. Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy-
Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in.
All right! I'm going to bed. You be the host. It's your party. Happy Birthday, welcome home, and we-who-are-about-to-die-salute-you.
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano? Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like. let's go say good night.
Mrs. Richards. I'll never forget this night as long as I live. And I'll never forget you for making it possible.
To those of you who do not read, attend the Theater, listen to uncensored radio programs or know anything of the world in which we live - it is perhaps necessary to introduce myself. My name is Addison deWitt. My native habitat is the Theater - in it I toil not, neither do I spin. I am a critic and commentator. I am essential to the Theater - as ants are to a picnic, as the ball weevil to a cotton field.
It could have been the whole world, Willie Stark. The whole world. Willie Stark. Why did he do it to me. Willie Stark? Why?
Anne, Burden's Landing is a place on the moon. It isn't real. It doesn't exist. It's me pretending I live on what I earn. It's my mother trying to keep herself young, and drinking herself old doing it. It's you and Adam living in this house as though your father were still alive. It's an old man like the Judge dreaming of the past. Anne, come away with me.
Now, shut up! Shut up, all of you. Now, listen to me, you hicks. Yeah, you're hicks too, and they fooled you a thousand times, just like they fooled me. But this time I'm going to fool somebody. I'm going to stay in this race. I'm on my own and I'm out for blood.
All right, listen to me. listen to me. I was the hick they were going to use to split the hick vote. But I'm standing right here now on my hind legs. even a dog can learn to do that. Are you standing on your hind legs? Have you learned to do that much yet? Here it is, here it is, you hicks. Nail up anybody who stands in your way! Nail up Joe Harrison! Nail up McMurphy! And if they don't deliver, give me a hammer and I'll do it myself.
They tried to ruin me. But they are ruined. They tried to ruin me because they did not like what I have done. Do you like what I have done?
He'll ditch everybody in the whole world because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him.
Remember, it's not I who have won, but you. Your will is my strength, and your need is my justice, and I shall live in your right and your will. And if any man tries to stop me from fulfilling that right and that will, I'll break him. I'll break him with my bare hands. For I have the strength of many.
I'm going to run. and you're not going to stop me. I'm gon na run even if I don't get a single vote.
You throw money around like it was money.
Do you want to know what my platform is? Here it is: I'm going to soak the fat boys and I'm going to spread it thin.
well shit, we oughtta be tense we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House it would be nice if we were right
all non-denial denials we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
I'm tired of your chickenshit games I don't want hints, I want what you know!
Please don't give him any more acid.
Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming.
Adolescence is a marketing tool.
I didn't say'Golden God.'Or did I?
When and where does the real world occur? I am really. confused here. Fuck! All these Rules And all these sayings. and nicknames.
'Groupies'sleep with rock stars because they want to be near someone famous. We are here because of the music. We are Band Aids.
She was the one who changed everything. She said'no more sex, no more exploiting our bodies and hearts.'
Your looks have become a problem.
I thought we were going to Morocco! There's no Morocco. There's never been a Morocco. There's not even a Penny Lane. Idon'teven know your real name.
You believe these new girls? None of'em take birth control, and they eat all the steak.
Look. Nobody's feelings are getting hurt here. She already knows Leslie's coming To New York tomorrow. They all understand. This is the Circus. Everybody's trying not to go home. Nobody's saying goodbye.
He was never a'person!'He was a journalist!
Me too. Greenville is so boring. Any other city in the world and you'd still be a virgin.
Does anybody remember laugh-tah? Come and GET'EM!
A mojo. It's a very modern machine that transmits pages over the telephone. It only takes eighteen Minutes a page.
'Listen to Tommy with a candle burning and you will see your entire future.'
Look. You should be happy for me. You don't know what he says to me in private. Maybe it is love. As much as it can be with someone who
Doris is the soul of this band! That bus has been our home since we were the Jeff Bebe Band.
'That groupie?'She was a Band-Aid. All she did was love your band. And you all, you used her, all of you. You used her and threw her away. She almost died last night, while you were with Bob Dylan. You're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans. She was your biggest fan and you threw her away. And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem.
I'm getting good stuff out here.
I thought you were dead, you asshole!
Does it make any sense to you?
That was not Mozart laughing, Father. That was God. That was God! God laughing at me through that obscene giggle. Go on, Signore. Laugh. Rub my nose in it. Show my mediocrity for all to see. You wait! I will laugh at You! Before I leave this earth, I will laugh at You! Amen!
Oh, they're both so beautiful, I can't decide. Why don't I have two heads?
Because You will not enter me, with all my need for you; because You scorn my attempts at virtue; because You choose for Your instrument a boastful, lustful, smutty infantile boy and give me for reward only the ability to recognize the Incarnation; because You are unjust, unfair, unkind, I will block You! I swear it! I will hinder and harm Your creature on earth as far as I am able. I will ruin Your Incarnation.
Mediocrities everywhere, now and to come: I absolve you all! Amen! Amen! Amen!
My music! They've started! They've started without me!
Oh yes? And what's so intelligent about writing a Requiem?
Whilst my father prayed earnestly to God to protect commerce, I would offer up secretly the proudest prayer a boy could think of. Lord, make me a great composer! Let me celebrate your glory through music - and be celebrated myself! Make me famous through the world, dear God! Make me immortal! After I die let people speak my name forever with love for what I wrote! In return I vow I will give you my chastity - my industry, my deepest humility, every hour of my life. And I will help my fellow man all I can. Amen and amen!
All I ever wanted was to sing to Him. That's His doing, isn't it? He gave me that longing - then made me mute. Why? Tell me that. If He didn't want me to serve Him with music, why implant the desire, like a lust in my body, then deny me the talent? Go on, tell me! Speak for Him!
Sire, only opera can do this. In a play, if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise. No one can understand a word. But with music, with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at once, and it's not noise - it's a perfect harmony. Isn't that marvelous?
That really doesn't work, does it?
So that was he! That giggling, dirty- minded creature I'd just seen crawling on the floor. Mozart. The phenomenon whose legend had haunted my youth. Impossible.
Is her mother still lying on the floor?
But not German, I beg your Majesty! Italian is the proper language for opera. All educated people agree on that.
Oh, bello, bello, bello! Come on now, be honest. Wouldn't you all rather listen to your hairdressers than Hercules? Or Horatius? Or Orpheus? All those old bores! people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble!
Forgive me, Majesty. I'm a vulgar man. But I assure you, my music is not.
He was my idol! I can't remember a time when I didn't know his name! When I was only fourteen he was already famous. Even in Legnago - the tiniest town in Italy - I knew of him.
And hour after hour, as I stood there, understanding even more clearly how that bitter old man was still possessing his poor son from beyond the grave, I began to see a way - a terrible way - I could finally triumph over God, my torturer.
Your son is an unprincipled, spoiled, conceited brat.
A young man trying to impress beyond his abilities. Too much spice. Too many notes.
Can you recall no melody of mine? I was the most famous composer in Europe when you were still a boy. I wrote forty operas alone. What about this little thing?
Goodbye, Father. I'll speak for you. I speak for all mediocrities in the world. I am their champion. I am their patron saint. On their behalf I deny Him, your God of no mercy. Your God who tortures men with longings they can never fulfill. He may forgive me: I shall never forgive Him.
Extraordinary! On the page it looked nothing. The beginning simple, almost comic. Just a pulse - bassoons and basset horns - like a rusty squeezebox. Then suddenly - high above it - an oboe, a single note, hanging there unwavering, till a clarinet took over and sweetened it into a phrase of such delight! This was no composition by a performing monkey! This was a music I'd never heard. Filled with such longing, such unfulfillable longing, it had me trembling. It seemed to me that I was hearing a voice of God.
Looks don't concern me, Maestro. Only talent interests a woman of taste.
That was exactly what I needed. The royal treatment, so to speak.
My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood. This is my street. This. is my life. I'm forty-two years old. In less than a year, I'll be dead.
I will sell this house today.
I have lost something. I'm not exactly sure what it is, but I know I didn't always feel this. sedated. But you know what? It's never too late to get it back.
It's that psycho next door. Jane, what if he worships you? What if he's got a shrine with pictures of you surrounded by dead people's heads and stuff?
Oh, no. I understand completely. In order to be successful, one must project an image of success. At all times.
Go fuck yourself, psycho!
That's my wife Carolyn. See the way the handle on those pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.
You ungrateful little brat. Just look at everything you have. When I was your age, I lived in a duplex. We didn't even have our own house.
I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
Thank you. I don't think there's anything worse than being ordinary.
Remember those posters that said,'Today is the first day of the rest of your life?'Well, that's true of every day except one. The day you die.
I was hoping you'd give me a bath. I'm very, very dirty.
Man oh man. Man oh man oh man.
Good. I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.
'I refuse to be a victim.'When this becomes your mantra, constantly running through your head
My dad thinks I pay for all this with catering jobs. Never underestimate the power of denial.
Oh, my. I apologize for the way things look around here.
Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos.
I'm not obsessing. I'm just curious.
It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing. And there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it, right? And this bag was just. dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid. Ever.
You were defending him! You love him. You want to have like, ten thousand of his babies.
Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass.
That's not going to happen.
What is this, the fucking gay pride parade?
Smile you're at Mr. Smiley's.
You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother.
Uh-uh. You don't get to tell me what to do. Ever again.
Look at me, jerking off in the shower. This will be the high point of my day. It's all downhill from here.
Oh, what, you're mother-of-the-year? You treat her like an employee.
I feel like I've been in a coma for about twenty years, and I'm just now waking up.
I know you think my dad's harmless, but you're wrong. He's doing massive psychological damage to me.
Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
Joyless?! I am not joyless! There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, mister smarty man. There is plenty of joy in my life.
She's not your friend. She's somebody you use to feel better about yourself.
I didn't mean to scare you. I just think you're interesting.
This is my first time.
You think you're going to heaven because your'honest.'You're not. You're going to the same hell as the crooked cops you can't stand.
You know the Number 1 fear of most people isn't dying; it's public speaking. They get physically ill. They throw up.
And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
Every idiot gets to be young once.
What matters in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never forgetting where you came from.
It's not in my best interest to say this, Frank. but quitting while you're ahead is not the same as quitting.
This is where I'm from. This is where my family is. My business. My mother. This is my place. This is my country. This is America.
You know, I had a pretty good time tonight.
The Wolfman is everywhere.
I don't care if you leave this second.
Hi! Hello. buenos noches? Need a lift? Nice night for a walk? Do you know John Milner? Curt Henderson? Sure you wouldn't like a ride somewhere? Did anyone ever tell you that you look just like Connie Stevens?
Peel out. I love it when guys peel out.
Oh, this is gon na strike a raw nerve, mama. Here's the Platters.
Joe College strikes out.
A double Chubby Chuck, a Mexicali Chili Barb, two orders of French fries
You ever get tired of going steady with somebody that ain't around I'm up for grabs.
Oh, race him, you can beat him.
Hey, why are you so depressed? You'll forget him in a week. Listen, after you're elected senior queen you'll have so many boys after your bod
Little kiss on your ear. Good night, sweetheart. I'll see you later.
Is that you in that beautiful car? Geez, what a waste of machinery.
Hey, have a popsicle. The ice box just broke down and they're meltin'all over the place. You want one?
Who is this on the Wolfman telephone?
Stand by for Justice!
Sicker than a dog, that's for sure.
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungy, she's bitchin.'
Gee, thanks. It's just like a ring or something.
The street would kill you, Danny. You're not tough. The second a brother pulls a gun on your ass you'll be holierin'for Doris. So here's the drill. Take it or leave it cause I'm sick of babysitting. I'm your history teacher from here on out. We're gon na deal with shit happening right now. Call it American History.X. I see your ass once a day. Any more, any less, and you're a memory at Venice High. Clear?
People look at me.and they see my brother. That's how things have gone since the murder of our father.
What are you trying to prove, man?!
I mean, I mean, in a good way you got big and older.
Well look at that. The Good Lord's a bit shorter than I reckoned..
If you don't see it, it's not real.
I say this is the last straw. I came back from the war, I found my house burned down. My cows was dead. Now my wife's run off with my cousin, Jeb, that sonofabitch. Took my dog
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time.
It's going to be a long spring.
So,'shaved'is the expression?
No longer will our penises remain flaccid and unused! From now on, we fight for every man out there who isn't getting laid when he should be! This is our day! This is our time! And, by God, we're not gon na let history condemn us to celibacy! We will make a stand! We will succeed! We will get laid!
Please, God. Let this be it.
Do you know about the clitoris?
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back through time.to change the future for one lucky lady.
Oh! And then this one time? At band camp? I stuck a flute in my pussy.
I guess.we'll just tell your mother.that we ate it all.
Jesus, we're all gon na go to college as virgins. They've probably got special dorms for people like us.
Harold, it's Bateman. Patrick Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know-I've killed a lot of people. Some escort girls, in an apartment uptown, some homeless people, maybe five or ten, an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot, near Dunkin'Donuts. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun. and a man, some old faggot with a dog. Last week I killed another girl with a chainsaw-I had to, she almost got away There was someone else there, maybe a model, I can't remember but she's dead too. And Paul Owen. I killed Paul Owen with an ax, in the face. His body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here.I guess I've killed 20 people, maybe 40-I have tapes of a lot of it. Some of the girls have seen the tapes, I even. well, I ate some of their brains and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I just, well, I had to kill a lot of people and I'm not sure I'm going to get away with it this time-I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy. So-if you get hack tomorrow, I may show up at Harry's Bar, so, you know, keep your eyes open.
I don't want you to get drunk, but that's a very fine Chardonnay you're not drinking.
If you don't shut your fucking mouth I will kill you, are you understanding me?
I have all the characteristics of a human being- flesh, blood, skin, hair-but not a single clear, identifiable emotion except for greed, und disgust. Something horrible is happening inside me and I don't know why.
That's a very fine Chardonnay you're drinking.
No. Just cool it with the anti-Semitic remarks.
I'm not really sure. I had a shower.and some sorbet?
Don't touch the Rolex.
I'm leaving now. I've assessed the situation and I'm going.
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace since I'm positive we won't have a decent table, but we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
Hey, I'm a child of divorce. Give me a break Hmmm, I see they've omitted the pork loin with lime jello.
You'll have to excuse me. I have a lunch meeting with Cliff Huxtable at Four Seasons in twenty minutes.
I have to return some videotapes.
I am fairly sure that Timothy and Evelyn are having an affair. Timothy is the only interesting person I know. Courtney is almost perfect looking. She s usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs. Tonight I believe it's Xanax. More disturbing than her drug use, though, is the fact that she's engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
Owen has mistaken me for this dickhead Marcus Halberstam. It seems logical because Marcus also works at P & P and in fact does the same exact thing I do and he also has a penchant for Valentino suits and Oliver Peoples glasses. Marcus and I even go to the same barber, although I have a slightly better haircut.
There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, hut there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping you and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there.
Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
Not the face, you bitch. Not the fucking face, you piece of bitch trash!
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark.
I know my behavior is.erratic sometimes.
Listen, you're dating Luis, he's in Arizona. You're fucking me, and we haven't made plans. What could you possibly be up to tonight?
Get a goddamn job, Al. You've got a negative attitude. That's what's stopping you. You've got to get your act together. I'll help you.
You're not confused, are you?
Hi, this is Paul. I've been called away to London for a few days. Meredith, I'll call you when I get back. Hasta la vista, baby.
I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
Pumpkin you're dating an asshole.
Not quite blonde, are you? More dirty blonde. I'm going to call you Sabrina. I'm Paul Owen.
Harvey, we better skip this whole courtship thing and just get married.
Harvey, look at me and focus. We are going to get through this. I understand illness. I know how to handle these things.
If ya think readin'comics about yer life seems strange, try watchin'a play about it. God only knows how I'll feel when I see this movie. But truth be told, the play wasn't half bad, and we got a free trip outta it. Things were goin'pretty good for a change. Variety called me'The Blue Collar Mark Twain,'and Doubleday was interested in publishing an anthology of'American Splendor.'
Yes, I consider myself a nerd. And this movie has uplifted me. There's this one scene where a nerd grabs the microphone during a pep rally and announces that he is a nerd and that he is proud of it and stands up for the rights of other nerds. Then, he asks the kids at the pep rally who think they are nerds to come forward. So nearly everyone in the place does. That's the way the movie ends.
I'm going completely crazy.
Can I have a piece of toast?
These dumb-ass kids never appreciate anything you do for them.
Beware the moon, David.
How could there have been witnesses? It was so dark. We were running and I fell and Jack went to help me up and this thing came from nowhere.I don't understand what they're talking about.
Queen Elizabeth is a man! Prince Charles is a faggot! Winston Churchill was full of shit!
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
I'm sorry I called you a meat loaf, Jack.
A naked, American man stole my balloons.
Sean, those hooligans are in the park again.
You really scared me, you shithead.
I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
Shall I be forced to feed you, David?
David, I don't want to lose my virginity to a piece of fruit.
It doesn't have to be teaching, you know. There's the Civil Service.
Not after the.first bit. It's funny, though, isn't it? All that poetry, and all those songs and films, about something that lasts no time at all?
Someone told me that in fifty years no-one will speak Latin, probably. Not even Latin people. So you shouldn't mind too much about your B.
Way to go, Paula! Way to go!
Casey Jones was a son of a bitch. Drove his train in a thirty-foot ditch. Came on out with his dick in his hand. Said,'Listen, ladies, I'm one helluva man. I went to his room and lined up a hundred. Swore up and down he'd Having fun, Mayonnaise?
In every class there's a guy who thinks he's smarter than me. In this class, it's you, isn't it, Mayonnaise?
Now this is my idea of an ass bandit. Wait'til some of our local girls get a look at you, scrotum head.
Look at the size of that trunk. You could fit three people in there. Not people, suitcases. It's a joke.
She's grieving. It's a process.
Who else knew about the money? And how did Peezee know they popped Tony Cisco when we didn't even hear about it'til last night?
I'm redefining'weird'on an hourly basis. What were you thinking about when you started feeling anxious?
I was Fredo. I don't think so.
You know, normally a patient wouldn't smoke or drink during a session.
Why don't you look over that way before I have to bust your fuckin'head open?
Get a dictionary and find out what this'closure'is. If that's what he's hitting us with, I want to know what the hell it is.
I'd like to see a movie but there's nothing out there. It's all thisshoot-'em-up action bullshit. I get enough of that at work.
1957 was a big year. The Russians put that Sputnik into outer space, the Dodgers played their last game at Ebbets Field,'that guy'shot Frank Costello in the head, and missed, and the Gallo brothers whacked Albert Anastasia in that barber shop in the Park Sheraton Hotel. It was total chaos. With Anastasia gone, Vito Genovese figures he's king shit, but Carlo Gambino and'Joe Bananas'both want to be boss of all bosses. So they call a meeting, a big meeting.
Call the Vatican. Ask them if anything's missing.
Look, the other day I saw a commercial on television, some kid playing with a couple of puppies. I cried for 45 minutes. Slap a pair of tits on me, I'm a woman!
Dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
You need more roughage. A bran muffin in the morning would help with that.
Dmitri didn't want the money?
She is not to get off that train. alive!
It's what I hate about this government - everything in red!
'Together in Paris'! Oh, when can we be'together in Paris?!
I got you nectarines because the peaches are hard as rocks.
When they call me, and they all call me, it is so important to them that I know what they ask is the Lord's will. Or Allah's, or Yahweh's. And I suppose they're right. Because if He were not vengeful, I would not exist, would
Tell the world the truth.
We will destroy your four pillars. brand your preferiti and sacrifice them on the altars of science. and then bring your church down upon you. Vatican City will be consumed by light.
Have you come to make me a martyr?
Religion is flawed, Mr. Langdon, but only because man is flawed. Including this one.
Yeah, yeah. I forgot my mantra.
That's okay, you. we-we can walk to the curb from here.
Yeah. He may- Listen, Harvard makes mistakes too, you know. Kissinger taught there.
Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York likewe're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician. You know the ethics those guys have? It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.
Oh, my God! She's right! Why did I turn off Allison Portchnik? She was-she was beautiful. She was willing. She was real. intelligent. Is it the old Groucho Marx joke? That-that I-I just don't wan na belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member?
Tsch, I know. A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know? It has to constantly move forward or it dies. And I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark.
After that it got pretty late. And we both hadda go, but it was great seeing Annie again, right? I realized what a terrific person she was and-and how much fun it was just knowing her and I-I thought of that old joke, you know, this- this-this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says,'Doc, uh, my brother's crazy. He thinks he's a chicken.'And, uh, the doctor says,'Well, why don't you turn him in?'And the guy says,'I would, but I need the eggs.'Well, I guess that's pretty much how how I feet about relationships. You know, they're totally irrational and crazy and absurd and. but, uh, I guess we keep goin'through it because, uh, most of us need the eggs.
Jesus, my-my grammy. n-never gave gifts, you know. She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look- man, walks out of the men's room, huge bodyguards flanking him while there's God coming outta the men's room.
I'm just not. you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve-'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to. if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot. You know, andit's-it's not good for my.
Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college.
I remember the staff at our public school. You know, we had a saying, uh, that'Those who can't do, teach, and those who can't teach, teach gym.'And.uh, h'h, of course, those who couldn't do anything, I think, were assigned to our school. I must say-
Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out. This thing's heavy. Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?
Interesting poetess whose tragic suicide was misinterpreted as romantic, by the college-girl mentality.
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
You guys don't take anything seriously do you? That's not on a hard drive?
Don't make my mistake, kid.don't.be a grunt.your whole life.
Be honest, kid, am I hurt bad?
Yeah. Classical stuff, scares the hell out of the slopes, the boys love it.
Lieutenant: Bomb that tree line back about a hundred yards, give me some room to breathe.
Then you are like us.
The war will still be here tomorrow.
Boy. be careful. You play with fire.
Dear God, it's growing bigger!
You may count on my steel.
Go ahead and run. Run home and cry to mama. I'm through runnin'. I stay we stay and fight.
How will we stop an army of the dead at out castle walls? How will you fight that?! With more words? Most of out people have already fled. We are but forty men.
It's a trick. Get an axe.
Keep you damn filthy bones outta my mouth. SNAP! He breaks the boney arm in two and runs away from the sea of limbs. A bone arm rips from the grave and reaches for the Book of the Dead but Ash scoops it up first. He leaps over another set of groping arms that rip from the ground!
Why ain't you a sweet little thing? His boney digit caresses her lips.
So then, the next thing I know, she's sitting right next to me, and then, well, it's not right to go into the details, but I screwed up. I got nervous. I said the wrong thing and if I hadn't, I could be in bed now with a woman who if you could make her smile you got a life. Instead, I'm here with you, no offense, a moron pushing the last legal drug.
No. I don't get this place. They make me buy an outfit but they let you wear a house dress. I don't get it.
Nellie, you're a disgrace to depression.
Do you want some juice or coffee or two female slaves?
Oh, I'm pissed! Now I am really pissed!
Over the dog. an ugly dog.
Too much reality for a Friday night.
Carol the waitress?
Have you ever let a romantic moment make you do something you know is stupid?
We held each other. It was better than sex. What I need he gave me great.
People who talk in metaphors can shampoo my crotch. Eat up.
Where'd they teach you to talk like this, some Panama City'Sailor want to hump-hump bar'? Or was today getaway day and your last shot at his whiskey. Sell crazy some place else, we're all stocked up here.
How much more you got to eat? Your appetite isn't as big as your noses, is it?
What I know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, I don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show. Are we being neighbors for now?
What if this is as good as it gets?
Okay, waiting gives the devil time. Now!
I can't do this alone. I'm afraid he'll pull the stiff one eye on me. I need you to chaperon. Separate everything but cars. You said you liked convertibles. Now I'm on the hook.
Great - I'm blind and you're deaf - what a pair..
Why take the escalator when I could take a canoe?
Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was gay. Women loved him, man. I didn't see that one coming.
Ow! That really hurt. I'm going to have a lump there, you idiot! Who throws a shoe? You fight like a woman.
One more peep out of you and you're grounded. Let's begin.
All right then.FIVE MILLION DOLLARS!
Very well, where should I begin? My father was a relentlessly self- improving boulangerie owner from Belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery. My mother was a fifteen-year-old French prostitute named Chloe with webbed feet. My father would womanize, he would drink, he would make outrageous claims, like he invented the question mark. Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy. A sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament. My childhood was typical. Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons. In the spring we'd make meat helmets. If I was insolent, I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds. Pretty standard, really. At the age of twelve I received my first scribe. At the age of fifteen, a Zoroastrian named Vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles. There really is nothing like a shorn scrotum. At the age of eighteen, I went off to evil medical school. From there.
Well, me and a buddy went to the video arcade in town and, like, they don't speak English right, and so my buddy gets into a fight, and he goes'hey, quit hassling me cause I don't speak French or whatever', and the other guy goes something in Paris talk, and I go'um, just back off'and he goes'get out'and I go'make me'.
I like to see girls of that caliber. By caliber, I mean both the barrel size of their guns and the high quality of their character. Forget it.
'Pardon me for being rude, It was not me, it was my food. It just popped up to say hello, and now it's gone back down below.'
Actually, my name's Austin Powers.
I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
That's not your mother, that's a man!
.founder of the militant wing of the Salvation Army. Random Task.
My God, Vanessa's got a smashing body. I bet she shags like a minx. How do I tell them that because of the unfreezing process, I have no inner monologue? I hope I didn't say that out loud just now.
Does that make you horny?
So, shall we shag now, or shall we shag later? How do you like to do it? Do you like to wash up first? Top and tails? A whore's bath? Personally, before I'm on the job, I like to give my undercarriage a bit of ahow's-your-father.
Jesus Christ, what did you eat?
Really, there's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster.
Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest?
Au contraire, I think you can't resist me.
Finally, I come to my number two man. His name: Number Two.
That ain't no woman! It's a man, man. It's one of Dr. Evil's assassins.
Buddy, I hate to break it to you, but in the real world. where I live. there're only two kindsa love stories. Boy loses girl and girl loses boy. That's all there is. Somebody always gets left behind. You try to avoid that, you'll end up an old man toastin'yourself with egg nog in the mirror on Christmas Eve. You'll end up dying in your own arms.
I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People.
I may not be much of a horse guy. But I was born to do this.
This is gon na ruin my whole day.
Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up.
Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
Sky people can not learn. You do not See.
Toruk Macto was mighty, he brought the clans together in a time of great sorrow. AllNa'vi people know this story.
The way I had it figured, Toruk is the baddest cat in the sky. Nothing attacks him. So why would he ever look up?
When I was lying there in the VA hospital, with a big hole blown through the middle of my life, I started having these dreams of flying.
Who's got my goddamn cigarette?!
They're not going to give up their home, they're not gon na make a deal. For what? Lite beer and shopping channel? There's nothing we have that they want. We're a horror to them. We're the monsters from space.
I became a Marine for the hardship. To be hammered on the anvil of life. I told myself I could pass any test a man can pass.
Level out! Fly straight!
That's how you scatter the roaches. Okay, switch missiles. Give me H-E's at the base of the west columns.
All I ever wanted in my sorry-ass life was a single thing worth fighting for.
My daughter will teach you our ways. Learn well, Jakesully. We will see if your insanity can be cured.
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
Yup. That's how it's done. When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy. Then you're justified in taking it.
I need to take some samples.
Well, I'd say diplomacy has failed.
You want a fair deal, you're on the wrong planet. The strong prey on the weak.
When my son was born healthy, I never asked why. Why was I sp lucky, what did I do to deserve this perfect child, this perfect life? -
'Released from bondage and ridicule after seven destitute seasons, they raised the roof of Shea Stadium - while their fans attempted to dismantle it - in one of the loudest, wildest victory celebrations in baseball: history -'._
My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I have been away for. quite some time.
I'm sorry, if you were right I'd agree with you.
One would think that after a point enough atypical somethings would amount to a typical something. But a typical'what?'
They look at us like we're monsters.
You leave and I'll kill you.
Well, sir, that's quite a list. But you're absolutely right. And if I work hard at it, I think I can be a totally changed person by the time we finish lunch.
I just bet my balls and shook on it.
A strange wang right in my palm.
To girls with big pairs.
Not commercial? Mister, don't you know what you're listening to? This is rock'n roll!
I've never heard of it either.
Christ, it's a miracle I was even born!
I'm gon na get that son of a bitch!
Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here!
That's my brother! That's my brother goddamn it!
Jesus Christ, he isn't gon na try to sell you insurance, lift him.
Have you guys got something against dalmatians?
These high-rise gigs give me the creeps.
See that glow flashing in the corner of your eye? That's your career dissipation light. And it just went into high gear.
Next time, learn how to work the safety with your punk ass. Now where's my no good, no back-up partner?
Tim, you're a lost ball in the high weeds. I told you a long time ago, nothing happened for you to worry about.
It don't have the muzzle velocity of some other drinks drunk around here, but it's good for what ails you.
I know your problem. You'd like me to die quickly, without wasting too much of your time. or silently, without making you feel too uncomfortable. or thankfully, without making your memories of the occasion too unpleasant.
You're not only wrong, you're wrong at the top of your voice.
That would be dangerous. You got the body of a hippo, Tim, but the brain of a rabbit. Don't overtax it.
If you think you're not getting on this bus, you're dead wrong. No fucking way are you gon na miss this bus, man! You were probably the kind of kids who had your father drive you to school cause you couldn't catch the fucking bus. But no more, man. You're getting on this bus and you're taking it to the last fucking stop. So get on the fucking bus, man,'cause you're life ain't worth shit in this town.
Leave it to the Catholic Church, man. Girls get raped everyday, and now they're gon na pay 50 G just because these chicks wore penguin suits!
Sweet Jews for Jesus.
Fuck me, Santa! Fuck me, Santa!
Fuck the loofah, let's go.
Your name Roger Merman?
It's my job, no big deal. I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santa Claus.
.Thank you for giving that letter to the cops. I forgot I asked you to do it but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass. And now the cops know I wrote it, which is gon na keep my ass out of jail. That, plus everyone agreeing that the Phoenix police department shooting an unarmed Santa was even more fucked-up than Rodney King. The cops are treating me like fucking royalty now which is new in my experience. They are gon na make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department. Whatever.
You are by far the dumbest most pathetic piece of maggot-eaten shit that has ever slid from God's gilded ass! What if the kid has one of those fucking play-dates they have now?
Daddy got a safe?
There he is. that lousy, leatherfaced, dago motherfucker.
Oh my, what a terrible accident!
.I cut myself by mistake.
Yeah! Yeah! You ain't gon na shit right for a week!
I'm not your fuckin'dada.
.It's Christmas. and the fucking kid is getting his present.
YOWWWCH! Watch the toenails willya?
You're welcome. Good night Santa. Good night Mrs. Santa's sister.
A wooden pickle.
Should I fix you some sandwiches?
.Motherfucker. Oh, you lousy fucking motherfuck.
.wish in one hand and shit in the other, see which fills up faster.
My girl Holly and I have decided to kill ourselves, same way I did her dad. Big decision huh? Well, the reasons are obvious, and I don't have time to go into them right now. One thing, though. He was provoking me when I popped him. That's what it was like, a POP.
Listen to your parents and teachers. They got a line on most things, so don't treat them like enemies. There's always a chance you could learn something. Try to keep an open mind. Try to understand the viewpoint of others. Consider the minority opinion, but try to get along with the majority opinion once it's accepted. Course Holly and I've had fun, even if it has been rushed, and. so far we're doing fine. hadn't got caught. Excuse the grammar.
Suppose I shot you. How'd that be? Huh?
I'll give you a dollar to eat this collie.
I found a toaster.
The mission was accomplished. All of these people left the room thinking they would have real input. I was writing this pilot alone, myself, me.
I'm not sorry, I'll not apologize, and I'll as soon go to Dublin as to hell!
No lad of seventeen is very sad who has liberty for the first time, and twenty guineas in his pocket; and I rode away, thinking, I confess, not so much of the kind of mother left alone, and of the home behind me, as of tomorrow, and all the wonders it would bring.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two. I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is.
.No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man to help somehow to ease his suffering. Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it.
.Jesus it's hot. Sometimes it gets so hot, I wan na crawl right out of my skin.
Jesus, what a day. Felt like Icouldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay, so you don't want insurance, so okay, that's your loss. But God, people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my.
Think about it, Fink. Writers come and go; we always need Indians.
Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn'things up. Yessir. Escape. It's when I can't write, can't escapem'self, that I want to tearm'head off and run screamin'down the street withm'balls in a fruitpickers pail. Mm.
Ah, doctors. What's he gon na tell me? Can't trade my head in for a new one.
Wallace Beery. Wrestling picture. What do you need, a road map?
.Mistuh Fink, they have not invented a genre of picture that Bill Mayhew has not, at one time or othuh, been invited to essay. I have taken my stabs at the wrastlin'form, as I have stabbed at so many others, and with as little success. I gather that you are a fresh-man here, eager for an upperclassman's council. However, just at the moment.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
That son of a bitch. Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
Sex?! He's a MAN! We WRESTLED!
Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department?
.Okay kid, let's chow.
All we got ta do is tell the story right.
Three things. First - You don't have a choice. Second- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third - I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys.
You think you know everything, don't you? You haven't even scratched the surface.
You got goddamn tweety-birds flutterin'around your head, that's what you got. You think you're gon na fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after? Oh, man.
What do I say, Hey, listen, guys, I'm not gay, but I did fuck your suspect. I was embarrassed. It's the only time I've been with a woman.
What is this, some kind of. Joke? Are we playing games again?
Killing isn't like smoking. You can quit.
You know I don't like to wear any underwear, don't you, Nick?
Everybody that she plays with dies.
Tell me something, Rocki. Man-to- man. I think she's the fuck of the century, don't you?
That's five thousand dollars. He's from the Metropolitan Museum of Art so suck my pussy, you star.
Okay, boys, let's broaden our minds.
. new improved Joker brand. With the secret ingredient. SMYLENOL! Let's go to our blind taste test.
You men are dismissed. We'll take over from here. Any man who opens fire on Jack Napier. will answer to me.
Let him go or I'll do it.
Ladies and gentlemen. Let me tell you my vision for the future.'The Box'in every home in America. And one day, the world.
In a sense we are all two people. The side we show in daylight. And that side we keep in shadow.
Someday my bat will come. Some day my bat will come. I'm counting on it.
Harv, babe, I got ta be honest. Your entrance was good. His was better. What's the difference? Showmanship.
Let's see if you bleed green.
This is my brain on your brain on their brain. Does anybody else feel like a fried egg?
Has anyone ever told you have a serious impulse control problem? You know, I simply love what you've done with this place. Heavy Metal with just a touch of House and Garden.
Oh, is the young master leaving? Pity. I'll just toss this away then. Perhaps the dogs are hungry -
Honey, I'm home. Oh, I forgot. I'm not married.
You didn't invite me, so I crashed!
I'm not one for speeches, so I'll just say'Thanks'.
Ingenious costume. Let me guess. Trust-fund goody-goody?
Maybe this is a bad time to mention it, but my license has expired. Of course, so have you.
I don't know about you, Miss Kitty, but I feel. So. Much. Yummier..
Why are you now determined to prove that this Penguin, er, Mr. Cobblepot, is not what he seems? Must you be the only lonely'man-beast'in town?
True. I was their number one son, and they treated me like number two. But it's human nature, to fear the unusual. even with all their education and privilege. My dad, a district attorney, mother active in the DAR. Perhaps when I held my Tiffany baby rattle with a shiny flipper, and not five chubby digits, they freaked. But I forgive them.
Sir. Shall we change the channel to a program with some dignity and class?'The Love Connection,'perhaps?
I believe the word you're looking for is.A-A-A-A-A-G-H-!
It's the so-called'normal'guys who always let you down. Sickos never scare me. At least they're commited.
'I'm Catwoman, hear me roar.'
Why is there always someone who brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech!?
Sorry. I mistook me for somebody else.
I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
The party never stops on Selina Kyle's answering machine. Guess I should've let him win that last racquetball game.
Actually this is all just a bad dream. You're home in bed. Heavily sedated, resting comfortably, and dying from the carcinogens you've personally spewed in a lifetime of profiteering. Tragic irony or poetic justice? You tell me.
Just relax, and I'll take care of the squealing, wretched, pinhead puppets of Gotham.
Ah, Gotham. You wouldn't put me on a pedestal, so I'm laying you on a slab!
But in the end all that counts, is: Who's holding the umbrella?
The tree lights up, I press the button. No wait, I press the button and
It's our secret. Honest. How can you be so mean to someone so meaningless?
Ya got ta admit. I've played this stinking city like a harp from hell!
I may have saved the Mayor's baby, but I refuse to save a Mayor who stood by, < u > helpless < /u > as a baby, while a band of hooligans flushed our fair city down the tubes of debauchery, devastation
You poor guys. always confusing your pistols with your privates.
I could really get into this Mayor stuff. It's not about power, it's about. reaching people. Touching people. Groping people.
Our research tells us that voters like fingers.
Maybe I can help, sergeant. I'm a vet.
Shit, I'd rather be in Afghanistan.
That was some real John Wayne shit, Sergeant. Nantz tries to shrug it away. But Martinez nails him.
What's wrong with you, David? All you have to do is say, Excuse me, I've been sitting here since the start of the Millennium and I'd really like some action from you before the end of the world. I'll go.
Oh Jesus. Oh God. Oh Jesus God. Oh Mary Mother of Jesus. Oh Jesus of Nazareth.
Well, I'll be a blue-nosed gopher.
Cut it out butt-hole!
I am Cornholio! I need picatta for my bunghole!
Why does everyone wan na see my schlong? I am the one-and-only-almighty-bungholiooo!
Hey, Beavis, check it out. I'm jacking off!
You must bow down to the Almighty Bunghole. Heh heh, this is cool. Bungholio-o-o-o-o-o!
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen.
Whoa, this rules! Can I have a gun too? Huh huh huh.
I want you to give this scumbag a cavity search. I'm talking Roto-Rooter. Don't stop'till you reach the back of his teeth. Mr.
Yoo-hoo! Travis and Bob Head. Whoo-hoo!
Nice building. Bad paint. Good lines. bad roof. Good parking. hmmm?
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people to death?
We've come for your daughter, Chuck!
I could live here.
We're trapped in this house forever. with those. people.
No, No,C'mon, Max, you know me. I've got plans. You got ta come up here and see, then I'll tell you about it.
Go ahead. Make my millenium!
Number 54 million, six hundred one. Ferndock.
Ooo. Deliver me from L.L. Bean!
Oh, what magic those fingers could work on the right cabinet. Alphabetize me, baby. And don't forget, I comes before U. Floris
Hey, Malkovich! Think fast!
You're not someone I could get interested in. Craig. You play with dolls.
We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
Don't stand in the way of my actualization as a man, Craig.
Do you have any idea what its like to have two people look at you with total lust and devotion through the same pair of eyes? No I don't suppose you would. It's quite a thrill, Craig.
What happens when a man climbs through his own portal?
J.M. Inc. Be all that someone else can be.
Craig, I just don't find you attractive. And, Lotte, I'm smitten with you, but only when you're in Malkovich. When I looked into his eyes last night, I could feel you peering out. Behind the stubble and the too-prominent brow and the male pattern baldness, I sensed your feminine longing peering out, and it just slew me.
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me. That's the thing, Romeo.
The truth is for suckers, Johnny-Boy.
You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend.
Gobbledegook! All the time he talked gobbledegook! An'it's for sure a White man's world in America, hell, I raised that boy since he was the size of a pissant an'I'll say right now he never learned to read an'write - no sir! Had no brains at all, was stuffed with rice puddin'between the ears! Shortchanged by the Lord and dumb as a jackass an'look at him now! Yes, sir - all you got ta be is white in America an'you get whatever you want! Just listen to that boy - gobbledegook!
That is a very small room. Yes
Now, move, honkie! Before I cut your white ass!
Look there. A nigger. If that don't beat all.
I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?! It cost too much! Now sit down and eat with us or leave us be!
You got two feet, Sethe. Not four!
We have a ghost here, you know.
Have a pleasant stay.Hey Angel! Get out of that bathroom now!
8:30. I'd use the chain if I were you.
Shimmy, shimmy cocoa pop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! Shimmy, shimmy cocoa pop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! I met a girlfriend a triscuit! She said, a triscuit a biscuit! Ice cream, soda pop, vanilla on the top! Ooh, Shelly's out, walking down the street, ten times a week! I read it! I said it! I stole my momma's credit! I'm cool! I'm hot! Sock me in the stomach three more times!
Got it. Need it. Need it. Got it.
It occurred to me then, that perhaps the reason for my growth was that I was intended for larger things. After all, a giant man can't have an ordinary-sized life.
Because see, my mother was banging the milkman.
I mean, on one hand, if dying was all you thought about, it could kind of screw you up. But it could kind of help you, couldn't it? Because you'd know that everything else you can survive.
I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact.
The truth is, I've always been a fool.
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny? But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new. You remember why you loved it in the first place.
Kid, you were a big fish in a small pond. This here is the ocean, and you're drowning. Take my advice and go back to Puddleville. You'll be happy there.
He's almost a stranger and I prefer him to you.
She'll make soap out of you! That's what she does, she makes soap out of people.
I was the biggest thing Ashton had ever seen. Until one day, a stranger arrived.
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops. And that's true. What they don't tell you, is that once time starts again, it moves extra fast to catch up.
This isn't how I die.
Mmm, what. I know better than to argue romance with a French woman.
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue.
In telling the story of my father's life, it's impossible to separate the fact from the fiction, the man from the myth. The best I can do is to tell it the way he told me.
It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
There comes a point where a reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit he's made a terrible mistake. The truth is, I was never a reasonable man.
Sandra Templeton! I love you! And I am going to marry you!
Sometimes, the only way to catch an uncatchable woman is to offer her a wedding ring.
That was my father's final joke I guess. A man tells his stories so many times he becomes the stories. They live on after him.
I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.
And we have to take Glenville to avoid all the church traffic, because those damn church people drive too slow.
I don't think I'll ever dry out.
With my prospects few, I took a job as a travelling salesman. It suited me. If there's one thing you can say about Edward Bloom, it's that I am a social person.
You become what you always were. A very big fish. And that's the way it happens.
It was that night I discovered that most things you consider evil or wicked are simply lonely, and lacking in the social niceties.
I'll give you a tune later.
I think. I think we're fucked up. Both of us. I know I am. But. that don't mean what I feel ain't true. It don't mean I can't love. And I know, how I been is. is. REALLY BAD! So if you want to quit on me. I understand. But please. please. don't.
Good. Makin'steaks for supper. I expect you to come.
Why is it you old men got ta talk so much? Like little boys, got ta talk yourself into fuckin'me. We can take our time. I'm grown. I get it. You wan na give me'nother bath?
Cain slew Able. Slew him out of envy. And God put his mark on Cain for his sin. You want that mark, Deke? Give you that peace you come here for? I'll give it to you, just say that shit again. Say you love me.Go'on! Say YOU LOVE ME, NIGGA!
God saw to it to put you in my path. And I aim to cure ya of your wickedness.
There's a war going on out there. Blade, myself, a few others, we've tried to keep it from spilling over onto the streets. Sometimes people like yourself get caught in the cross-fire.
Remember what we said. Keep your eyes open. They're everywhere.
Careful, old fang. You might wake up one day and find yourself extinct.
Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor?
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
Christ, I'm too old for this. Somebody get me a goddamn wheelchair.
I fucking hate vampires.
Is the enemy of my enemy my friend or my enemy? What do you think, Blade? What am I to you?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Isn't that how the saying goes?
If there's anything of you left in there, Whistler, listen up now. Come morning, those shutters are going up. Either you'll be cured, or you'll fry.
What? You think I forgot about you?
I'm an investigator for the Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
You're our best and only friend.
It's time to die.
Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent. I thought you were supposed to be good. Aren't you the man?!
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
That was irrational of me, not to mention unsportsmanlike. Won't happen again.
I think, therefore I am.
I tell you, nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch.
She's making playlists. Likes to listen to MP3s when she hunts. Her own internal soundtrack, you know? Dark-core, trip hop, whatever kids these days are listening to. Me? I'm more of a Kenny G fan.
I picked Danica up in a bar, had a one night stand with her, then spent the next five years playing step-and-fetch-it as her little vampire cabana boy. Eventually Abigail found me. Sommerfield here managed to treat me with a cure. Now I kill them. That's called turning a frown upside down.
What do you get when you cross a vampire with a werewolf?
Hey! HEY! COME BACK HERE! This is supposed to be a rescue!
You know the kind of woman that just screams trouble? You see her and every warning bell in your brain starts going off but you still ask for her number? Well that's all I ever hook up with. But this betty blew'em all away in the shitstorm sweepstakes.
The neanderthal behind them is Jarko Grimwood.
Are you ready to die, Blade?
Kill one man, you're a murderer. Kill a million, a king. Kill them all, a God.
Don't you know fur is murder?
.The truth is. he was alive when I buried him.
Let's do it outside.
And remember, gentlemen, we're always here, two to two, A.M. to P.M. three hundred and sixty-four days and Christmas, God willing and the creek don't rise.
The world is full of complainers. But the fact is, nothing comes with a guarantee. I don't care if you're the Pope of Rome, President of the United States, or even Man of the Year something can always go wrong. And go ahead, complain, tell your problems to your neighbor, ask for help watch him fly. Now in Russia, they got it mapped out so that everyone pulls for everyone else that's the theory, anyway. But what I know about is Texas.
Jesus, I got a hangover. Want a drink?
.Look. Personally I don't give a shit. I know Marty's a hard-on but you got ta do something. I don't know; give the money back, say you're sorry, or get the fuck out of here, or something.
Well, gim me a call whenever you wan na cut off my head.
Who looks stupid now.
You know a friend of mine broke his hand a while back. Put in a cast. Very next day he takes a fall, protects his bad hand, falls on his good one, breaks that too. So now he's got two busted flippers and I say to him'Creighton, I hope your wife loves you.'Cause for the next five weeks you can not wipe your own goddamn ass.'
You failed because you had the wrong dream.
Man, you don't know dick about smuggling no drugs.
I thought you couldn't live without your heart.
I was busted. Set up by the FBI and the DEA. That didn't bother me. Set up by Kevin Dulli and Derek Foreal to save their own asses. That didn't bother me. Sentenced to sixty years at Otisville. That didn't bother me.
I'm seeing something that was always hidden. I'm involved in a mystery. I'm learning. and it's all secret.
I looked for you in my closet tonight. It's crazy, I don't know where you came from but. I like you.
Hold me. I'M FALLING!
Why are there people like Frank. Why is there so much trouble in this world?
Suave. goddam are you suave, you fucker. You want some beer?
It's a strange world, isn't it?
Hey neighbor. shit for brains. You forgot I have a police radio. I know where your cute little butt is hiding. Here I come! Ready or not!
Don't move. don't look at me.
Don't be a good neighbor to her or I'm gon na send you a love letter. straight from my heart, fucker. You know what a love letter is? It's a bullet. straight from my gun, fucker. Once you get a love letter from me, you're fucked forever. Understand, Fuck?
You put your disease in me. your semen. it's hot and full of disease.
Do you like the way I feel?
Right Ben. LET'S GO FUCK. I'll fuck anything that moves.
There are some men, once they get a whiff of it, they'll trail you like a hound.
Mr. Racine. Next time you come into my courtroom I hope you've got either a better defense or a better class of client.
Hey, now I want to ask you something, Are you listening, asshole, because I like you? I got a serious question for you. What the fuck are you doing? This is not shit for you to be messing with. Are you ready to hear something? See if this sounds familiar. Anytime you try a decent crime, there is fifty ways to fuck up. If you think of twenty-five of them you're a genius. And you're no genius. You know who told me that?
I'm really disappointed, Racine. I've been living vicariously off you for years. If you shut up on me, I'll have just my wife.
I know that sometimes the shit comes down SO heavy I feel like I should wear a hat.
It gets easier, doesn't it? Once you open the door it never closes.
I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
I don't trust discipline. At the crucial moment I'd cop out.
What the hell are you looking at? You probably never had a heavy night in your whole, goddamn disciplined life.
Save it, Devaney. The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives.
They don't wash cars on the parking levels.
'Jimmy Bones is in the house.house. house.'
The gangsta of love don't eat no fried chicken.
Dog eat dog, brother. Dog eat dog.
Nothing but a wide world o'pain locked in there.
Sherman, I'm from the South and I'm beginning not to like this very much.
Where are all the white people?
This is a tragedy. A fine young man has been struck down. God- fearing, church-going, never in trouble, graduating from high school, ready for college, and somebody comes along, some rich white people in a rich white man's car and wham! They run him down and never even stop. Now what are we going to do about these parking tickets?
Maria, you are incorrigible.
'Cause you may be the best damn girl in Texas.
I'm Miss Bonnie Parker and this is Mr. Clyde Barrow. We. rob. banks.
Whyn't you go back home to your papa?
Your advertising is dandy. Folks'd just never guess you don't have a thing to sell. You better take me home, now.
Well, why not? Say I earned my share! Same as everybody. I coulda got killed same as everybody, and I'm wanted by the law same as everybody. Besides I coulda got snake bit sleepin'in them woods every night! I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth. And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time. I deserve mine!
I mean there's nothin'wrong with me, I don't like boys.
You talk to me like that! Big Clyde Barrow, just the same as your brother, an ignorant uneducated hillbilly. Only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about lovemakin'which is no love makin'at all.
We got $ 1.98 and you're laughin'.
And the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over'em, and you don't like it.And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go.but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not.and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this? .And now you know.
I'm ready to shoot.
You're a seventeen year old piece of gold.
John, I'm twenty-six years old I didn't run away from home.
You're out! I'm not working with either one of you!
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face.
I had this image of you, inside of me, like a part of me.
When you get tired of Cagney and Lacey, come find me.
Johnnie hits on anything in high heels.
Try not to steal anything on the way out.
I'm a dead man? I'm a dead man? Guess again, fuck-face. Who's dead? Who's the dead lying rat-fuck? Take another guess, take another fucking guess!
Wait! Hold the elevator.
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
Ah, Oui! Englishmen don't know what a tongue is for.
I hope you washed your ass this mornin, it's never been kissed by a king before.
The king will be dead in a month! And his son is a weakling! Who do you think will rule this kingdom? Now OPEN THIS DOOR!
Edward, who is this shitpoker who speaks to me as if I needed his advice?
Then I will teach you to use this.
The Lord tell me He can get me out of this mess. But He's pretty sure you're fooked.
From his king? Absolutely. Here are Scotland's terms. Lower your flags and march straight to England, stopping at every Scottish home you pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that, and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.
My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled by the heathen. So he accepted our bribe.
You have bled with Wallace! Now bleed with me!
The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight, it's drawn the finest people.
I know who my father was. I came back home to raise crops. And, God willing, a family. If I can live in peace, I will.
In the year of our Lord 1314, patriots of Scotland, starving and outnumbered, charged the fields of Bannockburn. They fought like warrior poets. They fought like Scotsmen. And won their freedom. Forever.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
You see? Death comes to us all. And it comes to William Wallace. But before death comes to you, know this: your blood dies with you. A child who is not of your line grows in my belly. Your son will not sit long on the throne. I swear it.
I am the one who is rotting. But I think your face looks graver than mine.
I'm not finished. Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that bridge, stand before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own ass.
There is a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide the people with freedom. And I go to make sure they have it.
We all end up dead. It's only a question of how. And why.
That's your receipt for your husband. Thank you. And this is my receipt for your receipt.
We don't make mistakes.
Why not? All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it, haven't you?
Bad sportsmanship. A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues. They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win. If these people would just play the game, instead of standing on the touch line heckling -
What have you done with his body?
Oh yeh? Where'd you get this from eh out yer nostril?
Yes. No. I don't, know.
On yes. Our morale is much higher than theirs, we're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out, and pretty consistently knocking them for six. I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
Can you believe it?! Just me and my little knife! Snip - snip - slice - slice - Can you believe it?
Sam, I think I ought to tell you. I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
Now, Mrs Lowry, don't get upset Please wait in reception, Mr Lowry, you're giving her wrinkles.
My friends call me Harry. Information Retrieval, eh? Interesting!
Bloody typical, they've gone back to metric without telling us
Care for a bit of necrophilia?
I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
Er. I assure you Mrs Buttle, the Ministry is always very scrupulous about following up and eradicating error. If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
Computers are my forte.
Your very own number. on your very own door. and behind that door. your very own office. Congratulations, DZ/015, welcome to the team.
You better pray she's all right.
Uh huh. And he wants cash on the nail. He's a pot skulled reef worm with more hop in his head than blood. Why pay for dirt you can't believe?
Come to see the show?
You better be sure you wan na know whatcha wan na know.
Throw one at me if you want, hash head. I've got all five senses and I slept last night, that puts me six up on the lot of you.
No. I gave you Jerr to see him eaten, not to see you fed.
No. And no more of these informal chats - if you've got a discipline issue with me write me up or suspend me and I'll see you at the parent conference.
Fourth period, nearly shook me upside down. Can't say I didn't enjoy it, but why'd she come to me?
Fits. You did good, Brain. Go sleep.
No, bulls would gum it. They'd flash their dusty standards at the wide-eyes and probably find some yegg to pin, probably even the right one. But they'd trample the real tracks and scare the real players back into their holes, and if we're doing this I want the whole story. No cops, not for a bit.
She sprung it on me, just. That's a hell of a thing to spring on a guy. I don't remember much. Laura talked me down after, said whatever, she knew her, said it wasn't true, but I still think sometimes. I think bout it being true. Bout it being mine. And maybe I did it cause I thought it was true. A hell of a thing.
Maybe I'll just sit and bleed at you.
So you live in Milwaukee?
12 David on the corner of Thirty- eight and Two you'll find a three- car accident, two taxis and a taxi. One-two Henry, 427 East Two-two, report of a very bad smell. No further information.
Great to be drunk. Sobriety's killing me.
Frank, what do you know. It's you and me again tonight, the Rough Riders, tearing up the streets just like old times. This old bus is a warrior, Frank, just like us. I have tried to kill him and he will not die. I have a great respect for that.
Saving someone's life is like falling in love, the best drug in the world. For days, sometimes weeks afterwards, you walk the street making infinite whatever you see. Once, for weeks I couldn't feel the earth. Everything I touched became light. Horns played in my shoes; flowers fell from my pockets.
Not us. The first step is Love. The second is Mercy.
Sixteen XTerminator here. We like our coffee bloody. Make it good my partner's dying to help someone.
With all the poor people of this city who wanted only to live and were viciously murdered, you have the nerve to sit here waiting to die and not go through with it. You make me sick. Take it.
Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the man who needs no introduction, chronic caller of the year three straight and shooting for number four. The duke of drunk, the king of stink, our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
Tom, where are the Band-aids? This is an ambulance, isn't it?
You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy?
I'd always had nightmares, but now the ghosts didn't wait for me to sleep. I drank every day. Help others and you help yourself, that was my motto, but I hadn't saved anyone in months. It seemed all my patients were dying. I'd waited, sure the sickness would break, tomorrow night, the next call, the feeling would drop away. More than anything else I wanted to sleep like that, close my eyes and drift away.
Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
Except for socially, you're my role model.
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If needy were a turn-on?
Nothing. I think you really blew the lid off nookie.
I can't help you, sorry. I'm not here to teach remedial reporting.
Do you do bunny rabbits?
Just what do you want from me, anyway? Permission to be a fake? Stop whining and do something about it.
Yes, yes. I know. Right. And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this.I grant you everything but give me this.he does personify everything you've been fighting against.And I'm in love with you. How do you like that? I buried the lead.
Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
Yeah, let's never forget. We're the real story. Not them.
No, this is more than Nixon ever sweated.
I say it here, it comes out there.
Look at her. If anything happens to me tell every woman I've ever dated I was talking about them at the end. That way they'll have to reevaluate me.
Can you believe it? I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
Oh, Jesus. I don't know what's scarier, losing nuclear weapons or the fact that it happens so often that you people have a term for it.
I just realized I've never killed anyone before. I mean, I dropped bombs on Baghdad, but never face to face.
You know, these exercises are fantastic. I mean, when that day comes and we finally go to war against Utah, we are really going to kick ass.
And he saw that it was good.
I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness news. Back to you fuckers 1
Bruce giveth and Bruce taketh away.
Is something killing your kids? Find out tonight at eleven.
And that's the way the cookie crumbles.
You can't expect to kneel down in the middle of a highway and live to talk about it.
Does the world'Duhh'mean anything to you?
Does Elvis talk to you? Tell you to do things? Do you see spots?
Excuse much! Not rude or anything.
Buffy, what is your sitch? You're acting like The Thing From Another Tax-Bracket; it's too weird.
I got detention slips here, I'm not afraid to use them.
Pike isn't a name. It's a fish.
Oh, wonderful. My secret weapon is - PMS. That's just great. Thanks for telling me.
Get out of my facial.
Three weeks ago all I thought about was. well, I didn't actually think about anything. I definitely didn't expect this.
Merrick. You made a joke. Are you okay, I mean, do you want to lie down? I know it hurts the first time.
Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once. Sold Lady Kenmores, it's nasty, nasty work.
Throw that shit again, meat. Throw that weak ass shit. Now he's got ta try to slip the cheese by me. One and one. You're on top. Now bring me the gas
Why's he always call me'Meat'? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
Well if there's one chick'd know when you're pulling your hips out early, Annie's the one.
Your shower shoes have fungus on'em. You'll never get to the Bigs with fungus on your shower shoes. Think classy and you'll be classy. If you win 20 in the Show you can let the fungus grow back on your shower shoes and the press'll think you're colorful. Until you win twenty in the Show, however, it means you're a slob.
I dare you to throw me the hammer, you ain't that stupid.
I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.D'you understand that?
Walt Whitman once said,'I see great things in baseball. It's our game, the American game He said'it will repair our losses and be a blessing to us'. You could look it up.
This son of a bitch is throwing a two hit shutout and he's shaking me off?! Hey Charlie, here comes the deuce.
I was in the Show for 21 days, once. It was the greatest 21 days of my life. You never touch your luggage in the show, somebody else handles your bags. It's great. The ballparks are like cathedrals, the hotels all have room service, the women have long legs and brains, it's a smorgasbord.
I'm buried in a coffin. Please help me! Send someone to find me.
That your ransom video already has 47,000 hits on YouTube. And all the major networks are playing it, including Al Jazeera. So, now your captors have no choice but to follow through.
You can't learn to sing like that.
One night. If I'm not 20 times better than boobs-for-brains over there, you don't have to pay me.
Sean told me you're going to New York. Please don't go!
I killed a fucking spook. You fucker.. What
I should try to get a run in.
About the security. Of your shit.
First you tell me that you can't commit, then you WOULD YOU GET DOWN
'Dry land is not a myth, I've seen it.'Kevin Costner from Waterworld. I don't know what the fuss was about, the movie ruled, I saw it six times.
The future is now. Soon every American home will integrate their television, phone, and computer. You'll be able to visit the Louvre on one channel, and watch female mud wrestling on another. You can do your shopping at home, or play Mortal Kombat with a friend in Vietnam. There's no end to the possibilities. Come on up! What are you waiting for?!
Dost thou have a mug of ale for me and me mate? He has been pitched in battle for a fortnight an has a King's thirst for the beer thust thou might have for thust.
Jesus, where's the cable guy already?
Free cable is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
You're gon na have to do better than that Steven. Steven. Hey, my lisp is gone.
I just want to hang out. No big deal.
I miss her. I asked her to marry me, and she asked me to move out.
Quickly, muster a top your steed. Get on the god damn horse! I don't think he's kidding!
But he's naturally mendacious, not to be trusted, if he had a hundred dollars he'd steal a stick of chewing gum.
We're not so different as you might think. I was abandoned repeatedly as a child. My mama'd drag me along to some new town so she could take up with another man she'd met. Night after night she'd lock me in the hotel room, Mama'd turn the latch and tell the staff not to let me out no matter what. I was terrified, I'd scream my head off, till finally I'd collapse on the carpet next to the door and fall asleep. After years of this she just left me with relatives in Alabama.
I have 94 percent recall of all conversations.
If I leave here without understanding you, the world will always see you as a monster. I don't want that, I don't see you that way.
I can't get over you two. She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.
You'll excuse me, gentlemen. Your business is politics. Mine is running a saloon.
They grab Ugarte and she walks in. Well, that's the way it goes. One in, one out. Sam?
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I. Oh
I'm on their blacklist already, their roll of honor.
Play the Marseillaise! Play it!
And welcome back to the fight. This time I know our side will win.
I don't like disturbances in my place. Either lay off politics or get out.
I stick my neck out for nobody.
If he gets a word in it'll be a major Italian victory.
As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
Go ahead and shoot. You'll be doing me a favor.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.
Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.
# NAME?
Round up the usual suspects.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up twice the usual number of suspects.
And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
.to life in prison, just for skimmin'a casino. sick or no fuckin'sick, you knew people were gon na get clipped. So, the day of the arraignment, they had this meeting right in the back of the court-house.
What are you starin'at, you bald- headed Jew prick?!
You're a beautiful girl. You don't want to ruin your looks. I've seen a lot of girls get shot to hell from this stuff.
The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse.
The word was out. The bosses had had enough of Nicky. They had enough. How much were they gon na take? So, they made an example of him and his brother. They buried them while they were still breathing.
Take this stiff and pound it up your fuckin'ass! Hit me again.
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me! That's the only reason! Without me, you, personally, every fuckin'wiseguy skell around'll take a piece of your fuckin'Jew ass! Then where you gon na go?! You're fuckin'warned! Don't ever go over my fuckin'head again! You motherfucker, you!
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein'scammed, you're too fuckin'dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out! Get out! Go on. Let's go.
For two days and two fuckin'nights, we beat the shit out of this guy. I mean, we even stuck ice-picks in his balls.
I don't give a shit who he's connected to. Tell him to take his fuckin'feet off the table. What's he think this is, a goddamn sawdust joint?
You took your boots off? You put your feet on the table. you shit- kicking, stinky, horse-manure-smellin'motherfucker you! You fuck me up over there, I'll stick you in a hole in the fuckin'desert! You understand? Go over there and apologize. Go! Get the fuck out of -
Can you feel my eyes on you? Can you feel me look into your heart? Can you feel me in the pit of your stomach? Can you feel me in you? In your heart?
Normally, my prospects of comin'back alive from a meeting with Nicky were ninety-nine out of a hundred. But this time, when I heard him say,'A couple a hundred yards down the road', I gave myself fifty-fifty.
Back home, they would have put me in jail for what I'm doing. But out here, they're givin'me awards.
For Nicky, Las Vegas was the fuckin'Wild West.
Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way, the wrong way, and the way I do it. You understand?
Hiya. That's a lot of money to be counting out in public.
.and keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose. In the end, we get it all.
Tell that fuckin'Pepe if he's switching stones on us, he'd better take a fuckin'camel -
Now, notice how in the count room nobody ever seems to see anything. Somehow, somebody's always lookin'the other way. Now, look at these guys. They look busy, right? They're countin'money. Who wants to bother them? I mean, God forbid they should make a mistake and forget to steal. Meanwhile, you're in and you're out.
When you love someone, you've got ta trust them. There's no other way. You've got to give them the key to everything that's yours. Otherwise, what's the point? And, for a while. I believed that's the kind of love I had.
What's he doin'? He knows all those guys he yelled at are friends of ours. What's the matter with him, making all this mess?
I'm what counts out here! Not your fuckin'country clubs or your fuckin'TV shows! And what the fuck are you doin'on TV anyhow?!
Look at this fuckin'beaut they put in now. Sherbert send you in here to rob me now? Been fuckin'knockin'everybody's dick in all night? Huh? You been beatin'all the customers tonight, motherfucker?
So, now, on top of everything else, I got ta make sure that nobody fucks around with the Golden Jew.
She was doin'pretty good with her lawsuit, but before she could start countin'her money, the boys back home decided to settle the case out of court instead.
I want you to exit this guy off the premises, and I want you to exit him off his feet and use his head to open the fuckin'door.
What's that? You hear? You hear a little girl, Frankie? You hear a little girl, Ace? Is that a little fuckin'girl?! What happened to the fuckin'tough guy? Told my friend stick it up his fuckin'ass?! Huh?! Huh?!
If a guy fuckin'tripped over a fuckin'banana peel, they'd bring me in for it.
.it was amateur night, and you could tell. Whoever it was, they put the dynamite under the passenger side. But what they didn't know, what nobody outside the factory knew, was that that model car was made with a metal plate under the driver's seat. It's the only thing that saved my life.
Peekaboo, you fucks, you.
You know. I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and, uh. if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin'head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin'out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin'out of your coma. And guess what? I'll split your fuckin'head open again. Because I'm fuckin'stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail. That's my business. That's what I do. And we know what you do, don't we, Charlie? You fuck people out of money and get away with it.
How the fuck can you grin? How the fuck could you grin?
.bosses. I mean, they're smokin'their Di Nobilis and they're eatin'a trippa and fuckin'suffritt', you know, fried pigs guts? While, if I wan na talk private, I got ta go to a fuckin'bus stop.
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone.
Yeah. Give yourself a hand right across your fuckin'mouth.
What's the matter with you?
While I was tryin'to figure out why the guy was sayin'what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin'back and back until one of you is dead.
Got a lot of holes in the desert, and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. Except you got ta do it right. I mean, you got ta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise you're talkin'about a half-hour or forty-five minutes of diggin'. And who knows who's gon na be comin'along in that time? Before you know it, you got ta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin'night.
You call yourself a man? You know you're a lyin', low-life, motherfuckin'gambling degenerate prick? You know that's what you are? Two small kids at home. I gave you money to pay the fuckin'rent and buy groceries, put the heat on. You know your wife called Frankie and told him the fuckin'heat's off?
Take this one and stick it up your sister's ass! Hit me again.
Me? That's why the bosses sent me out here. They wanted me to make sure none of the other crews robbed the joint. Like these two fuckin'balloon-heads over here. They were gon na try and bang us out of two hundred fuckin'grand? Yeah, right, I'm sure.
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gon na do? Muscle Nicky? Nicky was the muscle.
People only know what you tell them.
Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse gave up and drowned, but the second mouse struggled so hard that he churned that cream into butter, and he walked out. Amen. They all lift their heads, clearly impressed. Robert turns to Frank and smiles.
How did you pass the bar exam in Louisiana?
White Russian, no ice, hold the vodka and Kahlua.
You boys, thought you could just barge, in here and take, all these beautiful things, that don't belong to you.
Georges, when you're gone, Tippy is all I've got and, I get so lonely.
Ricky Martin? You named your kid Ricky Martin?! Why didn't you tattoo'kick me'on his ass while you were at it?
Brachial artery. Pumps up to 30 liters of blood per minute.and there's only five liters in the human body.
Tell them, Craig. Tell them they have the wrong family. Tell them they've made a mistake
Do you want to die here?
Fuck you.and the horse.you rode in on.
It's raining cats, dogs and democrats out there, so this better be worth it.
Mrs. Collins, if that's your son, I'll eat my yardstick. Not only will I put that in writing, I'll swear to it in a court of law and in front of President Calvin Coolidge himself if I have to.
I used to tell Walter,'Never start a fight.but always finish it.'I didn't start this fight.but by god I'm going to finish it.
Dig. You put'em in the ground, you can take'em out of the ground. Go on.
Y'all picked the wrong day not to use the ATM. You will not be harmed if you do exactly what I say, when I say it. You
You, on the other hand. I got ta bike myself. Maybe we can go for a ride sometime? Or maybe I can just ride you.
It's not so bad. You may not be able to lie on your back for a few days, but, then, you can lie from any position, can't you?
I hate these things, it's like drinking coffee through a veil.
Heroin, peppermint-flavored heroin.
Three of them, all in their pajamas!C'est ridicule! What is it, some new American fad?
It is infuriating that your unhappiness does not turn to fat!
This is a ludicrous situation. There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
You bitch! I like that guy.
Another movie from an old TV show?
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a quality man in Los Angeles?
Why do they always run?
The uniform is what does it for me. I wish I'd have went with more Catholic school girls when I was a kid. As it stands. I have no'.and then she unzipped her jumper.'stories.
Screw that'all for one'shit. I got ta deal with being the minority in the minority of the minority, and nobody's supporting my ass? While the whole of society is fawning over girls- on-girls, here I sit - a reviled gay man, and to top that off, I'm a gay black man - notoriously the most swishy of the bunch.
.And then Black Beauty couldn't take it any longer, and he finally did some of his own mounting.
See that guy there? He's the devil, you understand? Never take your eye off the Man. Our people took their eyes off him one time, and he had us in chains in two shakes of his snake's tail.
Now that, my friend, is a. shared moment
Since you like chicks, right. do you just look at yourself in the mirror all the time?
You're insane. Archie is not fucking Mister Weatherbee!
Get off. Fucking faggot! Did you see that?! Your dyke courting ass just got me scored on!
I know you. You're way too conservative for that girl. She's been around and seen things we've only read about in books.
Ah, there ain't no such thing. You got ta boil it all down to the essentials. It's like Cube says - life ain't nothing but bitches and money.
Alyssa Jones? Shit. I know Alyssa Jones. I mean, I know Alyssa Jones, you know what I'm saying? Me and Rick Derris used to hang our with her for awhile, right? Just hanging around her house after school,'cuz her parents were like never home, and shit. And one day, Rick just whips it out, and starts rubbing it on her leg and shit; chasing her around the living room - I was dying. But you know what the crazy bitch did? She fucking drops to her knees, and just starts sucking him off right in front of me! Like I wasn't even there man! I almost died! But that's not the fucked up part - the fucked up part was Rick, man - right in the middle of it, he turns to me and he's pointing at her and he says'Cohee.'Just like that -'Cohee.'So I'm like I'll give it a shot. And I start pulling her pants down all slow,'cuz I figure any second she's gon na turn around and belt me in the mouth, right? But yo, check this shit out - she's all into it man! She don't try to stop me or nothing! She's all wet and shit, and I just went to work, know what I'm saying? Me and Rick are going to town on this crazy bitch, and she's just loving it, all moaning and shit! It was fucked up! So Rick's the one that came up with the nickname -'cuz that day, she had us locked in tight from both sides - like a pair of goddamn Chinese finger cuffs!
It goes back to something my grandmother told me when I was a kid.'Holden,'she said'The big bucks are in dick and fart jokes.'She was a church-goer.
This is all going to end badly.
I like you. I haven't liked a man in a long time. And I'm not a man-hater or something. It's just been some time since I've been exposed to a man that didn't immediately live-into a stereotype of some sort. And I want you to feel comfortable with me, because I want us to be friends. So if there are things you'd like to know, it's okay to ask me.
A finger? Come on. I've had my finger in my ass but I wouldn't say I've had anal sex.
Since most of these people are rooting for the home team, I'm going to cheer for the visitors. I'm a big visitors fan - especially the kind that make coffee for you in the morning before they go. That was a joke. A little wacky wordplay?
Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on
If this is a crush. then I don't know if I could take the real thing if it ever happens.
Yeah. And apparently, you don't even realize it. What does it matter if I refer to her as a dyke, or if I call the Whalers a bunch of faggots in the privacy of my own office, far from the sensitive ears of the rest of the world?
I think it's more like Banky's having a problem with all things not hetero right about now. And I'm just another paradigm of said aberration.
Everybody has an agenda. Everyone.
Alright - bring on the free hootch.
You've got ta respect that kind of display of affection. It's crazy, rude, self-absorbed - but it's love.
It's true. Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world.
You mean that's what you're going to call it.
Let me explain something to you, Walsh. This business requires a certain finesse.
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis'girlfriend.
What can I tell you, Kid? You're right. When you're right, you're right, and you're right.
You know, you've got a nasty reputation, Mr. Gittes. I like that.
Yeah? Ain't that something? Middle of a drought, the water commissioner drowns. Only in L.A. Yeah
You are a very nosey fellow, kitty cat. you know what happens to nosey fellows?
I'm sure he loves you, too. You know the expression, let sleeping dogs lie? You're better off not knowing.
All right, enough is enough. You can't eat the Venetian blinds, Curly. I just had'em installed on Wednesday.
Is that really your idea of how to run a newspaper?
To love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody knows. his own.
He's writing a roast like you wanted it to be - - I guess that'll show you.
That's all right. We have no secrets from our readers. Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein. He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge. What's the cable?
As Charles Foster Kane, who has eighty-two thousand, six hundred and thirty-one shares of Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you. Charles Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him. You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race. Memory - I was his oldest friend. As far as I was concerned, he behaved like swine. Maybe I wasnt'his friend. If I wasn't, he never had one. Maybe I was what nowadays you call a stooge -
Who's a busy man? Me? I'm Chairman of the Board. I got nothing but time. What do you want to know?
Just old age. It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, you don't look forward to being cured of. You ought to see Mr. Leland. There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to.
Love! You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you -
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.
You're pretty young, Mr. - Mr. Thompson. A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in - - and on it, there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on - and she was carrying a white pastrol - and I only saw her for one second and she didn't see me at all - but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl. See what I mean? Well, so what are you doing about this'Rosebud,'Mr. Thompson.
There's only one person in the world to decide what I'm going to do - and that's me. And if you think - if any of you think -
Close the door. The Godfather has more eyes than a pineapple.
You know, there's a million fine- looking women in the world, but they don't all bring you lasagne at work. Most of them just cheat on you.
Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl'Mom.'
Try not to suck any more dicks on your way through the parking lot!
All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction?
See? It's important to have a job that makes a difference, boys. That's why I kill Chinamen for the railroad.
I offer you my body and you offer me semantics? He's just a boyfriend, Dante, and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio, I'm about to become single again.
I'm serious. Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple. That's what high school's all about-algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity.
Hello.What? .No, I don't work today.I'm playing hockey at two.
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go.
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank?
Remember, keep your arms and legs in the vehicle at all times
Greatness is overrated.
And I started playing baseball when I was a kid like everybody else only I was better than every- body else. When I was seventeen I started playing for money, my father didn't approve. He was a great man.
'Know ye that a prince and a great man has fallen this day.'
I thought you might like it. It's yours, a gift from me.'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is'- This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written, type it!
And you, sir, should leave this disgusting, wretched, sorry son of a bitch immediately. Good evening.
You wan na tune-up? Hey Sarge, you know why a Comacho's like a cue-ball? Cause the harder you hit'em, the better their English gets.
I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you.
Daddy, come inside before you drown!
Well, you have your war.
This fence is about the first thing I've ever done that'll produce an actual result.
I was all right! He'd walk forty miles for liquor and not forty inches for kindness.
So you never wrapped your legs around this Inman?
Don't worry, son. Those Yankee boys keep store hours. They ain't open yet.
Old Lady Swanger says you need some help. Here I am.
I've had to put myself in the way of people's kindness.
Play me something sweet. Like a girl's waiting for me.
Number one, shut this door, it's freezing. Number two, shut that door, it's freezing. I'm laying on my back, with my fingers poked in my ears trying to shut out who's got a bag of diamonds and who's got boots needs polishing, If you want to get three feet up a bull's ass listen to what sweethearts whisper to each other.
I'm wetter than a fish.
He is so full of manure, that man, we could lay him on the dirt and grow another one just like him.
I despise a flogging rooster. Where is he?
Just so's you know, you're not eating inside. Number One, they hang people round here for taking in deserters. Number two, even if they gave out prizes, you'd still eat outside.
Let's put him in a pot.
I can spell it, too. C-a-t-a-s-t-r-o- phe. Learned the same place you did, in the schoolroom. That's one of the first words they taught me. Ruby Thewes, you are a ca-t-a-s-t-r-o-p-h- e. You
Used to be as regular as morning prayers. Matter of fact I could set my watch by my bowels. That beeswax you fed me, day before yesterday, it stops a man up. Open my gut now they'd find turds stacked up like little black twigs.
By order of Zebulon Vance, Governor of this great state of North Carolina: any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason and shall be hunted down like a dog.
I've learned a person can survive off pretty much of a goat. I can't abide a chicken, but a goat gives you company and milk and cheese and then, when you need it, good meat.
Thank you. I was going to do a grievous wrong.
Congratulations, I should send you out with a shotgun more often. He looks as he needs sleep.
Well. That was brilliant.
Get with it. Get over it. millions of galaxies of hundreds of millions of stars and a speck on one in a blink.that's us. Lost in space. The universe don't care. The cop, you, me? Who notices?
Out of options, Max. Take comfort in knowing you never had a choice.
Then don't let me get cornered. You don't have the trunk space.
Since when is the LAPD working for the Feeb? Besides, Ramone flew out a window. My C.I. flew out a window, he's got Felix's handprints on his ass. Yes? That makes it ours.
What a clusterfuck. Only thing didn't show up was the Polish cavalry.
Guy. Gets on a subway. Dies. Think anybody'll notice?
You open that trunk, they go inside.
Definitely not from around here.
.all the cabbies in LA, I get Max, Sigmund Freud meets Dr. Ruth.
Wha'd you, have a food fight in here?
How's that for collateral damage?
Insane asylums are filled with people who think they're Jesus or Satan. Very few have delusions of being the guy down the block who works at an insurance company. Wonder what that means.
I can't kill people. My future is in television.
Think of it as a hobby. An avocation. Something you do to relax. You can be an assassination enthusiast, a murder bug.
When you're young, your potential is infinite. You might do anything, really. You might be great. You might be Einstein. You might be Goethe. Then you get to an age where what you might be gives way to what you have been. You weren't Einstein. You weren't anything. That's a bad moment. But I remembered something Carlyle wrote:'. there is no life of a man, faithfully recorded, but is a heroic poem of its sort, rhymed or unrhymed.'I realized my salvation might be in recording my wasted life, unflinchingly. Maybe it would serve as a cautionary tale. Maybe it would help me understand why.
Life was sweet. For a minute.
Very good, Chuck. I'm pleasantly surprised. You're not like the other murderers.
Y'know, I came up with a new game show idea recently. It's called The Old Game. You got three old guys with loaded guns on stage They look back at their lives, see who they were, what they accomplished, how close they came to realizing their dreams. The winner is the one who doesn't blow his brains out. He gets a refrigerator.
Listen, you're thirty-two years old and you've achieved nothing. Jesus Christ was dead and alive again by thirty-three. Better get cracking.
Now you're an accomplice in a homicide. Everything you thought you were in control of just flew out the window or is dripping down your leg.
So I'm dead.
In one hour I want to know what she eats, where she sleeps, the name of her gynecologist. < u > Everything < /u >.
You know, Flip, Vietnam War was fought because of a bet Howard Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis.
Jerry, you are a restraining order waiting to happen.
Have you ever been in a place from which hope has gone? All that's left is patience. Everywhere. Like a fog.
I'm an American and I demand to see Liza Sutton!
If you could remember who shot you and where it happened, it might help.
See the aluminum stuff? Firewall. Guy designed it so he could turn the place into an incinerator. Leaves the rest of the building untouched.
Why me, Gabriel? It's personal, isn't it? I didn't go to church enough? I didn't pray enough? I was five bucks short in the collection plate? Why?
That's just not going to happen.
You're going to die because you smoked 30 cigarettes a day since you were 15. And you're going to Hell because of the life you took. Or to put it in a way that your kind would understand. You're fucked.
You will live, John Constantine, you will live so you'll have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in Hell. You will live!
He has a rotten sense of humor. And his punch lines are killers.
You don't walk off a building without leaving something behind.
Officially I was dead for seven minutes. But believe me, seven minutes in Hell is a lifetime.
So. what do you want? An extension?
This is Constantine. John Constantine, asshole.
Hey, buddy, you got a light?
I know I'm not one of your favorites. I'm not even allowed in your house these days. but I could use a little attention. begin
This is Eleanor Arroway broadcasting on 9.2 megahertz. Dad, are you there? Come back. Come back. Come back..
Small moves, Captain, small moves.
CQ CQ WR2 GFO. WR2 GFO, come back.
Mathematics is the only truly universal language, Senator. We think this may be a beacon, an announcement to get our attention.
Don't get me wrong, we're smart, Larry. We shop at home, we surf the net. and we feel emptier and lonelier and more cut off from each other than at any other time in human history.
Good morning, Dr. Arroway.
My coalition's phone lines have been flooded with calls from concerned families, wondering if this message signifies the end of the world or the advent of the rapture. We feel that U.S. policy in this matter wants to be extremely conservative, if there's any chance of danger or threat to our way of life perhaps the message and its contents should simply be disregarded.
79, 83, 91, they're all primes, no way that's a natural phenomenon,!
Dr. Arroway, you come before us with no evidence. No records, no artifacts, only a story that, to put I mildly, strains credibility. Over two trillion dollars was spent, hundreds of lives were lost, many more may be in jeopardy due to the almost incalculable worldwide psychological impact. Are you going to sit there and tell us that we should simply take this all on faith?
Oh, that's mah darlin'Luke. Grins like a baby and bites like a'gator.
You run one time, you got yourself a set of chains. You run twice, you got two sets. You ain't gon na need no third set because you're gon na get your mind right. And I mean right.
Sometimes I wisht people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize her pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to bring her pain. She just don't give a damn. They let you smoke?
WHAT WE GOT HERE IS A FAILURE TO COMMUNICATE.
Look,Cap'n. Look what he done to Blue. He's dead,Cap'n. Dead! Run hisself plumb to death. That crazy sadis Cool Hand Luke run her'til her heart bust.
Is that your answer, Old Man? You're a hardcase too, ain't you?
Any man not in his bunk at eight will spend a night in the box. There is no smoking in prone position in bed. To smoke you must have both legs over the side of your bunk. Anyone caught smoking in prone position will spend a night in the box. You get two sheets. Every Saturday you put the clean sheet on the top, the top sheet on the bottom and the bottom sheet you turn in to the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box. No one will sit on the bunks with dirty pants on. Any man sitting on a bunk with dirty pants will spend a night in the box. Any man who don't bring back his empty pop bottles spends a night in the box.
What we got here is a failure to communicate. Some men you can't reach, that is they just don't listen when you talk reasonable so you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it, well he gets it, and I don't like it any better than you men.
Awright! Stand back, you pedestrians, this ain't no automobile accident!
Dang, check out Slugzilla!
Think they're trying to poison me?
You're in terrible danger, girl!
Don't remember our names. But I`member my true mommy.
You may come out when you've learned to be a loving daughter!
Crazy?. You're the jerk-wad that gave me the doll!
Yeah, I wan na hugga your face!
And I am the Amazing Bobinsky! But you can call me Mr. B, because amazing I already know that I am.
Mr. B's not drunk, Mom, he's just.eccentric.
Making up a song about Coraline. She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal of mine. She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who ever laid their eyes on Cor- a-line.
So sharp you won't feel a thing.
Coraline? How dare you disobey your mother!
Be clever, miss; even if you win she'll never let you go!
Hush! And shush! For the Beldam might be listening!
spirit can be broken. with love.
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
Tain't all bad, miss. Thou art alive. thou art still. living.
