And suppose death had a heart to love and to release you? To whom would he turn his passion? Would you pick a person from the crowd there? A person to suffer as you suffer?
Feed on what you want, mon cherie. Rats, chickens, doves, goats. I'll leave you to it and watch you come round. Just remember, life without me would be even more unbearable.
Dear God. I've failed again, haven't I?
You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly.
Do you know what his soul said to me without saying a word? When he put me in that trance.
Come, beloved. It's time we were on our way. I'm hungry and the city waits.
All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats.
Vampires are killers. Predators, who's all seeing eyes were meant to give them detachment.
I had returned to new Orleans. As soon as I smelt the air, I knew I was home. There was sadness there, rich, almost sweet, like the fragrance of jasmine. I walked the streets, savouring it like a long lost perfume.
Goodnight, sweet prince, may flights of devils wing you to your rest.
Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both. And all the while I thought, Lestat, we deserve your vengeance. You gave me the dark gift. And I delivered you into the hands of death for the second time.
I'll paraphrase Thoreau,'Rather than love, than money, than fairness, give me truth.'
I'm Superman. SuperTramp.
I'm gon na nail your ass!
WE told him it was no go.
Yes. Your husband did show remarkable foresight in taking those pictures. And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious. But Bonnie, who is the real victim here? Let me suggest the following. Your husband, who on a prior occasion slapped you, beat you
That stinks. They left you with absolutely nothing. It makes you wonder about the entire legal system. Like Rodney King.
Rephrase. Mrs. Rexroth, have you ever been in love?
No, I know what I look like without any clothes on, I look naked.
Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper?
Doug, you do understand that you may be the only person at this party with artificial sideburns?
You tell me, because I don't get it! Look, I'm not rich, my father is. And I didn't pick my father. And if I had a choice between having tons of money or having another father, I'd be absolutely delighted to be poor! But unfortunately life is not a cafeteria!
Yeah. Back yard nudity is hypocritical. It's insincere. People should do and say exactly what they feel or think and not try to hide things.
You didn't know your mother at all if you think someone like me would've ever stood a chance with someone like her. That just goes to show you how stupid this town is, that they'd believe she slept with me. That'd make Charlie laugh. Your old man was my best friend. He used to call me'Egg-head', hell, everybody did. And back then everybody knew that Egg-head Abbott didn't stand a snowball's chance in hell with Helen Riley. Of course, that was all before I became Lloyd Abbott, Mr. Abbott. That was back when I still had chicken shit on my shoes and twelve cents in my pocket. Charlie Holt was the only one good enough for Helen. I used to spy on'em, yup, I did. Used to watch them sit on the front porch of her house, your house, and watch'em talk.
Never mind. You know I had you pegged right from the start, you're the spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you can get anything is to buy it. Now you're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it? Ever hear of the word'Humility'? No, you wouldn't. I guess it never occurred to you to just say,'Please mister, I'm in trouble. Will you help me?'No; that'd bring you down off your high horse for a minute. Let me tell you something; maybe it'd take a load off your mind. You don't have to worry about me. I'm not interested in your money or your problems. You, King Westley, your father, you're all a lot of hooey to me.
Great! But that's the way things go. You think you got a swell yarnthen something comes alongmesses up the finishand there you are.
There must be some easier way for me to get my wings.
Good idea, Ernie. A toast. to my big brother, George. The richest man in town!
I know what I'm going to do tomorrow and the next day and next year and the year after that. I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world. And I'm going to build things. I'm going to build air fields. I'm going to build skyscrapers a hundred stories high. I'm going to build a bridge a mile long.
Where's that money, you stupid, silly old fool? Where's the money? Do you realize what this means? It means bankruptcy and scandal, and prison!
Look at you. You used to be so cocky! You were going to go out and conquer the world! You once called me a warped, frustrated old man. What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities no stocks no bonds nothing but a miserable little five hundred dollar equity in a life insurance policy. You're worth more dead than alive. Why don't you go to the riff-raff you love so much and ask them to let you have eight thousand dollar? You know why? Because they'd run you out of town on a rail. But I'll tell you what I'm going to do for you, George. Since the state examiner is still here, as a stockholder of the Building and Loan, I'm going to swear out a warrant for your arrest. Misappropriation of funds manipulation malfeasance.
Just a minute just a minute. Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no business man. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anybody else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was. Why, in the twenty- five years since he and Uncle Billy started this thing, he never once thought of himself. Isn't that right, Uncle Billy? He didn't save enough money to send Harry to school, let alone me. But he did help a few people get out of your slums, Mr. Potter. And what's wrong with that? Why. Here, you're all businessmen here. Doesn't it make them better citizens? Doesn't it make them better customers? You. you said. What'd you say just a minute ago?. They had to wait and save their money before they even ought to think of a decent home. Wait! Wait for what? Until their children grow up and leave them? Until they're so old and broken- down that they. Do you know how long it takes a working man to save five thousand dollars? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about. they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him, but to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well, in my book he died a much richer man than you'll ever be!
Wrong? Everything's wrong! You call this a happy family? Why did we have to have all these kids?
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives, and when he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
I owe everything to George Bailey. Help him, dear Father.
Boys and girls and music. Why do they need gin?
God. God. Dear Father in Heaven, I'm not a praying man, but if you're up there and you can hear me, show me the way. I'm at the end of my rope. Show me the way, God.
What's the matter, Othello jealous? Did you know there's a swimming pool under this floor? And did you know that button behind you causes this floor to open up? And did you further know that George Bailey is dancing right over that crack? And I've got the key?
Watch him, Bert.
You've been given a great gift, George. A chance to see what the world would be like without you.
Well, you look about like the kind of an angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings?
Wish I had a million dollars.
I've been saving this money for a divorce, if ever I get a husband.
After all, Potter, some people like George had to stay home. Not every heel was in Germany and Japan!
Hey! Get me! I'm giving out wings!
I feel like a bootlegger's wife. Look!
Isn't it wonderful?
Is it really necessary for you to always say no before you say yes? I won't think less of you, you know.
Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you don't have a tab.
This TEC-9? They advertise it as being the most popular gun in American crime. Can you believe that shit? It actually says that on the little booklet that comes with it.'Most Popular Gun in American Crime,'like they're proud of that shit.
I'm fifty-five-years old. I can't blame anybody for anything I do.
Try not to rip his clothes off'em they're new.
What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your assuse'ta be beautiful.
She starts givin'me some bullshit about it ain't there. It's somewhere else and we can go get it. I'm shootin'you in the head right then and there. Then I'm gon na shoot her in the kneecap, find out where my godamn money is. I go walkin'in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you're the first man shot, understand what I'm sayin'?
Well, I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waitin'on people almost twenty years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is about the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits, ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I got ta start all over again, but I got nothin to start over with. I'll be stuck with whatever I can get. And that scares me more than Ordell.
Unh. unh. unh. I din't hear you wash your hands.
I bet you come here on a Saturday night, you need nigga repellent keep'em off your ass.
Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
You know, a good cop won't let you know he knows you're fulla shit.
A half-a-million dollars will always be missed.
Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out - hey, that rhymes - blew Beaumont's brains out.
Shut your raggedy ass up and sit down.
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass. Go sit over there on the couch.
You can't trust Melanie. But you can always trust Melanie to be Melanie.
Jesus, but if you two aren't the biggest fuck-ups I've ever seen in my life. How did you ever rob a bank? When you robbed banks, did you have to look for your car then too? No wonder you went to jail.
Mr. Singer. What an appropriate name for a man who can't keep his mouth shut.
It's not funny. According to this. you're already dead.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart. If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world.
I'll take a Voorhees burger and a side of Jason Fingers.
Now that's what know in the books as screwin'the pooch. Iron this punk.
Why? Because I've seen enough horror movies to know masked weirdos are never friendly.
Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
Takes more than a steelbalde to take this old dog down.
Here's to swimmin'with bowlegged women.
Hurry up, Chief, daylight's a wastin'.
My husband tells me you're in sharks.
I'm not talking about day sailing or pleasure boating. I'm talking about working for a living. Sharking.
How about them indeed. I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers here. As you can see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open, and the folks here are having a wonderful time. Amity,y'know, means'Friendship.'
'Here is the body of Mary Lee. For 15 years she kept her virginity. Not a bad record for this vicinity.'
That you'll put down a blanket. I've got black and blue marks all over my butt, and my Mom's getting uptight about them.
Come and get me, you son-of-a-bitch. Take me and leave my family alone.
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion.
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
Because I'm almost thirty, for God's sake why on earth would I want to keep writing about characters whose central preoccupations are weed and dick and fart jokes? You got ta grow, man. Don't you ever want more for yourself? I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch does. I look in his doe eyes and I see a man crying out,'When, Lord? When the fuck can your servant ditch this foul-mouthed little chucklehead to whom I am a constant victim of his folly, and who bombards me and those around us with grade-A foolishness that prevents me from even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck! When?!
Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind word about The Time! Me and Silent Bob modeled our whole fucking lives after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and Tubby here's my black manservant!
I can't believe this shit. Five hours and not a single ride. Every day, millions of people hitch to Hollywood and stop studios from making movies about'em. But when you and me try it, it's like we're trapped in a fucking cartoon!
What is your damage little boy? You've got a sick and twisted world perspective.
Ladies, ladies, ladies! Jay and Silent Bob are in the Hizz-ouse!
And on that note, we cue the music.
Call me Darth Balls. Bunngg.
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
This is a site full of militant movie buffs: sad bastards who live in their parents'basements, downloading scripts and trading what they believe to be inside info about movies and actors they despise yet can't stop discussing. This is where you go if you wan na hear frustrated would-be filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions on how they all could've made a better Episode One.
Ri, Ray rand Rirent Rob
I can't believe I'm gon na get some pussy for stealing a monkey! If I'd known it was that easy,I'd've been stealing monkeys since I was like seven and shit.
I said you'love the cock'! I got ta be the craftiest motherfucker alive!
Hey there mister science-guy. Don't spray that aerosol in my eye. For I don't really want to die. I'm a noble rabbit!
All you motherfuckers are gon na pay. You are the ones who are the ball- lickers. We're gon na fuck your mothers whole you watch and cry like little bitches. Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who are making the movie, we're gon na make'em eat our shit, then shit our shit, then eat their shit which is made of our shit that we made'em eat. Then all you motherfuckers are next. Love, Jay and Silent Bob.
Fuck this asshole. Let's go back to the station and get some donuts.
Wow! That was an incredibly daring escape! You must see that a lot, hunh?
I told you that restraining order was a good idea.
And did you write'Fuck Jay and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their stupid asses?
Are we gon na have a problem, again?
Affleck, you're the bomb in Phantoms, yo.
I think George Lucas is going to sue somebody
You see this badge? I think I'd recognize an ape if I saw one. And the only thing I do recognize here is a political fiasco I'm, going to avoid by letting this butt-fucking Brady Bunch go!
Hey! Watch the language little boy. There are females present.
See, man if you were funnier than that, ABC never would've canceled us.
Yeah, you chug that ass-cock baby It takes two hands to hold doesn't it? Uhhh
Yo I hope one of'em rips the other one's shirt off and we see some tit.
I'm gon na finger-fuck her tight little asshole! Finger-bang and tea-bang my balls in her mouth! Where? Where? In her mouth balls-a-plenty in her mouth! Balls, balls, sweaty balls
A shitload of white people with guns? Time to get my black ass out of here!
Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
Dude I think I just filled the cup.
You know, I don't get out to the movies much. But I'd have to say Bluntman and Chronic was Blunt-tastic!
Doesn't anybody have a jet anymore? Plafsky? It is Willenholly. You got ta get me on the national news, pronto. Why?! Because we may very well be dealing with the two most dangerous men on the planet!
Oh and not yours? You know, I don't get you, Justice. You used to be all about the girl stuff: stealing, boning, blowing shit up. Now you're like this little priss with a conscience. It's really a fucking drag.
Holy fuck the little stoner was right
I spose I'm drinking myself to sleep. It's Helena's Christmas songs. they're really pretty.
Find yourself a farmer's daughter with nice big fucking tits, and shake that'bye-bye.'Send it to Sacramento, John. I sniff grief.
These things are like smart bombs. Point`em in the right direction and shit gets real.
You're totally lesbigay.
Do you buy all your murder weapons at Home Depot? God, you're butch.
I can take care of myself. I've been using the Bowflex.
You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
Stop kidnapping my girlfriend!
I mean, yeah. They went Benihana on my ass. It should have killed me. But for some reason, it didn't.
Eww, you need a mani bad. You'd better find a Chinese chick to buff your situation!
Needy, I care about you. A lot. As a person, not just a girl I made love to for four minutes the other night. And I'm scared of what's happening to you. You're acting really fucked up.
You knock it off, Chip! You're penis cheese!
I dreamed some bad people were trying to nail me to a tree with hammers and big stakes and shit. Just like Jesus.
Don't nothing happen in Devil's Kettle.
I need you frightened.
Who cares about Jennifer and those douchebags with douchebag haircuts? People just burned to death. In our town!
Yes.yes! Of course I'm a virgin! I've never done sex ever. I don't even know how. So maybe you should find some other girl who does. Know how.
It smells like Thai food in here.
Boo! Cross out Needy!
Go ahead. Jump right on into my nightmare. The water's warm.
Maybe love shouldn't be such hard work. I know, but
Tell me what to do, Jerry. You tell me to eat lima beans, I'll eat lima beans.
Man, I got a shelf life of ten years, tops! My next contract's got ta bring me the dollarsthat'11 last me and mine a very long time. I'm out of this sport in five years. What's my family gon na live on? What you get me. So I don't want to hear about ya shit, your'nya nya nya.'
But if anybody else wants to come with me, this moment will be the ground floor of something real and fun and inspiring and true in this godforsaken business and we will do it together! Who's coming with me besides.'Flipper'here?
Wow. That's more than a dress. That's an Audrey Hepburn movie.
You're hanging by a very thin thread, dude. And I dig that about you.
Sorry about this hand. You know that feeling, you're not completely embarrassed yet, but you glimpe tomorrow's embarrassment?
And say what?'Please remove your dick from my ass?!'
Anybody else would have left you by now, but I'm sticking with you. I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
I'm sorry. I'm a little pregnant right now.
Jerry, there is a'sensitivity'thing that some people have. I don't have it. I don't cry at movies. I don't gush over babies. I don't start celebrating Christmas five months early, and I don't tell a man who just screwed up both of our lives,'oh, poor baby.'That's me. For better or worse. But I do love you.
I'm out here for you! You don't know what it's like to be me out here for you. It is an up-at-dawn pride-swallowing seige that I will never fully tell you about! Okay?! Help me help you help me help you.
Airight so this is the world and there are five billion people on it. When I was a kid there were three. It's hard to keep up.
It's not show'friends'. It's show business.
'How am I doing?'I'll tell you. I'm sweatin, dude! That's how I'm'doin.'I'm sweatin my contract. I'm sweatin'Bob Sugar calling and telling me I'm blowing the big endorsements if I stay with you. I'm sweatin'. You hear what I'm saying?
The key to this job is personal relationships.
That's how you become great, man. You hang your ba11s out there.
I'm not trying to make history.
Well, don't worry! I'm not going to do what you think I'm going to do, which is FLIP OUT!
I'm not letting you get rid of me. How about that?
Don't ever stop fucking me!
Bet on me, dude. Bet on me like I bet on you.
I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level. Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President? Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back? Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation? Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up? Could the Mob wreck the autopsy? Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but.38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude. Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules. This was a military-style ambush from start to finish. a coupd'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings.
First we had your charge that the Cuban exiles killed the President, then the Mob, then you said the oil billionaires did it, then you said the Minutemen and the Ku Klux Klan collaborated to do it, now your latest theory seems to be that the CIA and the FBI and the Pentagon and the White House all combined in some elaborate conspiracy to kill John Kennedy. Let me ask you, is there anyone besides Lee Harvey Oswald who you think did not conspire to kill the President?
You're just as crazy as your mama. Goes to show it's in the genes! Do you have any idea what you're getting into, my man? You think Jack Ruby just up and died of cancer in four weeks after he gets a retrial? That's some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's a'going out of business cancer'. You got the right ta-ta, but the wrong ho-ho. The government's gon na jump all over your head, Jimbo, and go'cock-a-doodledoo!'
I didn't think much about it at the time. Just bullshit,y'know, everybody likes to make themselves out to be something more than they are. Specially in the homosexual underworld. But then when they got him I got real scared,y'know. Real scared. And that's when I got popped.
At the time of the shooting there seemed to be some commotion. I just am unable to describe - a flash of light or smoke or something which caused me to feel that something out of the ordinary had occurred there on the embankment.
Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw? The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart?
Under the guise of a patriotic nightclub owner out to spare Jackie Kennedy from having to testify at a trial, Jack Ruby is shown into the underground garage by one of his inside men on the Dallas Police Force, and when he's ready Oswald is brought out like a sacrificial lamb and nicely disposed of as an enemy of the people. By early Sunday afternoon, the autopsy has been completed on him. Who grieves for Lee Harvey Oswald? Buried in a cheap grave under the name'Oswald'? No one.
Is this off the record, Daddy-o? In that case, let me sum it up for you real quick. If I answer that question you keep asking me, if I give you the name of the'Big Enchilada',y'know, then it's bon voyage, Deano - I mean like permanent. I mean like a bullet in my head. You dig? Does that help you see my problem a little better? You're a mouse fighting a gorilla. Kennedy's dead as that crab meat. The government's still breathing. You want to line up with a dead man?
'One may smile and smile and be a villain.'Goddammit! We got one of'em!
.about as subtle as a cockroach crawling across a white rug.
This hospital is under new management, ladies and gentlemen. From now on, free care for everyone.
Not goodbye. Remember? See you later.
Hey, big puffy version of Junebug. Where have you been?
Hello. Thank you for having me and my irresponsible child over to your home.
Yum. This pretzel tastes like a friggin'donut!
As boyfriends go, Paulie Bleeker is totally boss. He is the cheese to my macaroni. I know people are supposed to fall in love before they reproduce, but normalcy's not really our style.
All babies want to get borned! All babies want to get borned!
Oh and by the way, I bought another Sonic Youth album and it's the worst thing I've ever heard! It's just noise, man!
Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive once. But now she looks a hobbit. The fat one that was in The Goonies.
You're kind of a sellout, aren't you? What would the Melvins say?
Yes, hello, I need to procure a hasty abortion?. What was that? I'm sorry, I'm on my hamburger phone and it's kind of awkward to talk on. It's really more of a novelty than a functional appliance.
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
This is the most magnificent discarded living room set I've ever seen.
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.
Oh, you should try talking to it. They can apparently hear speech in there, even though it sounds all ten thousands leagues under the sea.
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
It ended with a chair.
They were Mark and Vanessa Loring, and they were beautiful even in black and white.
Well, you know where the lavatory is. You pay for that pee stick when you're done! Don't think it's yours just because you've marked it with your urine!
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
Wow. That shirt is working hard.
Can I use the facilities first? Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
And I'm like,'Thanks a heap, Coyote Ugly. This cactus-gram stings even worse than your abandonment.'
I think kids get bored and have intercourse. And I think Junebug was a dummy about it. But we have to move on from here and help her figure it out.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.
You should have gone to China. I heard they give away babies like free iPods. They shoot'em out of those T-shirt guns at sports events.
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
Mr. Hammond is dying to see you guys.
Dr. Grant says this, Dr. Grant says that.
If they split up, I'm going with you.
Reverse-Darwinism. Survival of the most idiotic.
Mr. Kirby, trust me, on this island, there is no such thing as safe. We have to get back in this plane.
Fine.and when the Tricyclatops comes after you, don't come crying to me.
Does anyone have a question that doesn't relate to Jurassic Park?
You wan na tell mehow'n the hell you gon na write a book'bout somethin'you don't know nothin''bout?
I like your hair.
Aaahhhhh. That's what we used to call a beer when we was kids. Beer spelled backwards.
.Is it just me, or has this whole trip been goin'downhill ever since we ran outta Lucky Lager?
Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
We have a saying here.'Shake and shake the catsup bottle, none will come and then a lot'll.'
You dance like a herd of cattle, Miss Fairchild. You are a rare woman who lights up the room. simply by leaving it.
Virgins. I love'em. No diseases, no loose as a goose pussy, no skank. No nothin. Just pure pleasure.
When you're young. Not much matters. When you find something that you care about, then that's all you got. When your young. A lot of the time fucking is all you have, hen you go to sleep at night, you dream of pussy. When you wake up, it's the same thing. It's in your face, in your dreams, you can't escape it. Sometimes when you're young, the only place to go is inside. That's just it. Fucking is what I love. Take that away from me, and I really got nothin.
Now get in my way! Bitch.
Jesus Christ. What happened?
No, in Paris it's good to smell like you've been fucking. It will make them respect you.
Ox! Where is thy yoke!?
Sometimes you just need honesty.and security.
What are you, Mr. Driscoll, a lion or a chimpanzee?
She doesn't want the chocolate!
Follow that ape!
No! Let him go! Kill him! Kill him!
For Godsake, Denham, leave the native alone.
Don't be alarmed, ladies and gentlemen. It is perfectly safe. These chains are made of chrome steel!
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
Good things never last, Mr. Denham.
Is that what took Miss Darrow?
That's a funny one! Isn't that funnier?
Goddammit, Preston! All you had to do is look her in the eye and lie.
What are you - an idiot? You think they asked De Mille to waste his time on nudie shots? No - they respected the film maker, they showed some class! Not that you'd know what that means - you cheap low-life!
They're still trying to find a place for him to sleep.
There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size.
top! Stop! Turn back, we have to turn back!
Gee. I've had men pay two hundred dollars for me, here, you're turning down a freebie. You can get a perfectly good dishwasher for that.
You shouldn't have said those things about me today. You have no idea what I am.
Pain? Pain is just a state of mind. It's something you learn to live with. I have.
You're acting like a superstitious schoolboy, Peter. What's next? Incense and rosary beads?
I've had it! I've got a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son. I don't need this shit anymore!
REVENGE IS CAREFULLY PLANNED
You couldn't find your dick in a wind storm!
'I will liberate those not liberated.'I will release those not released. I will relieve those not relieved. May I deliver them to the state of enlightenment.'
'Thus by the virtue collected Through all that I have done, May the pain of every living creature be completely cleared away.'
Safe journey. Safe return.
They have taken away our silence.
Ok. I mean, I just ate. So I'm still digesting. So my kung fu might not be as good as later on.
Well done, students. if you were trying to disappoint me.
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose Kung Fu skills were the stuff of legend.
I've only seen paintings of that painting.
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.
There is now a level zero.
No, it was the dream. We are noodle folk. Broth runs through our veins.
I'm not hungry. master.
This'll be easier than I thought.
The scroll has given him power.
Careful, that soup is. sharp!
Whoa. The Furious Five. You're so much bigger than your action figures, except for you, Mantis. You're about the same.
He was so deadly in fact that his enemies would go blind from overexposure to pure awesomeness.
He's too fast!
Alright. Whatcha got? You got nothing cause I got it right here. You picking on my friends? Get ready to feel the thunder. I'm comin'at him with the crazy feet. Whatcha gon na do about my crazy feet? I'm a blur. I'm a blur. You never seen bear style, you only seen praying Mantis! OR. I could come at you Monkey style. OR. I'm comin'at ya snikity-snake.
I know you're trying to be all mystical and kung fu-y, but could you at least tell me where we're going?
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness.
The Sword of Heroes! Said to be so sharp you can cut yourself just by looking OW!
Giulia is like Oscar Wilde; give her the superfluous and she will do without the essential.
Let's try to be precise then. The word'torture'does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF, they request that their members, in the event of capture, should maintain silence for twenty-four hours, and then, they may talk. Thus, the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished. What type of interrogation should we choose?. the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months?
To know them means to eliminate them. Consequently, the military aspect is secondary to the police method. I know we are not fond of this word, but it is the only word that indicates exactly the type of work that we must perform. We must make the necessary investigations in order to proceed from one vertex to another in the entire pyramid. The reason for this work is information. The method is interrogation. And interrogation becomes a method when conducted in a manner so as to always obtain a result, or rather, an answer. In practice, demonstrating a false humanitarianism only leads to the ridiculous and to impotence. I am certain that all the units will understand and react accordingly. However, success does not depend solely on us. We need to have the Casbah at our disposal. We must sift through it. and interrogate everyone. And here is where we find ourselves hindered by a conspiracy of laws and regulations that continue to be operative, as if Algiers were a holiday resort and not a battleground. We have requested a carte blanche. But it is very difficult to obtain. Therefore, it is necessary to find an excuse to legitimize our intervention, and make it possible. It is necessary to create it ourselves, this excuse. Unless our adversaries will think of it themselves, which seems to be what they are doing.
I'm a civilian! You don't have any authority
'Cept he wasn't before, was he? You know, when friends or family members say things, they tend not to register so sometimes it helps to hear it from a total stranger. You're fat.
We trapped him with our chopper.
I'm being very calm. I'm composed. This is the second time I've been hit with a severed head, I'm entitled to complain.
We don't negotiate with terrorists. There are other options.
You fucking spic bastard!
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning. He wants money.
What happened, Riley. Didja get fucked?
N-no, y-you're dead. Oh my God. You're dead!
I don'tnorm'lly need two shots, Riley.
I think it's actually easier for me to be disappointed. I think I'm actually angry at you for trying to take that away.
I'm gon na pull the whole thing down. I will topple the gleaming pillars and drag the whole fucking diseased, corrupt temple down on my head. Stay tuned. It'll be Biblical.
.because like I said, it's a decision you'll have to live with the rest of your life. Which at this point I figure is. another 35 seconds.
It's not about what you know. It's about what you can prove in court. Your words. Like when you called it a justice system. You know the thing about a system, Nick? Any system can be played.
A thousand commanders and we get a Belgian from Alcoholic's Anonymous.
Two dollars for this! This fish wasn't caught. It died of cancer!
I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name! Let me tell you, time erases everything! I
So, between Mamma, Roberto and the sisters, we yell and scream all day long. Except with Angelica. She just cries. And then finally, we all end up kissing. Can you explain that to me? Because
This is all I have in cash. Please don't drink it here.
See how hard You make me angel.
Nice talk, Ben. Keep drinking. In between the hundred and one proof breath and the occasional drool, some interesting words fall from your mouth.
The only thing I have to come home to is a bottle of Listerine to wash the taste of come out of my mouth. I'm tired of being alone. that's what I'm tired of.
No. I think you're talking about you. I'll tell you right now that I'm in love with you. but, be that as it may, I'm not here to force my twisted life into your soul.
You think she just woke up one morning and said,'I think I'll go to law school today!'?
Oh! Two weeks ago, I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal, and talked her out of buying a truly heinous angora sweater! Whoever said that orange is the new pink is seriously disturbed.
So, what's this Sarah got that you don't? Three tits? -
Proposing?! Elle, If I'm going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a, Marilyn.
What could I do? He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me.
If you let one stupid prick ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were.
There's nothing I love more than a dumb blonde with daddy's plastic.
Oh, my God! The Bend & Snap! Works every time.
There's no way Brooke could've done this - - exercise gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy, happy people don't kill their husbands!
The rules of haircare are simple and finite. Any Cosmo girl would've known.
Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash? I grew up in Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from Aaron Spelling! I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderb ilt
I'm sorry, I just hallucinated.
I feel confident using legal jargon in daily life.
That's right. Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
Hmmmm. Love, you say? Love is another story.
Not so! I requite to shadow's solace and dark of the night. Sunshine is my destroyer!
Neither country provebs nor king's command can keep me out of the woods today.
What care I for human heart? Soft and spiritless as porridge! A faerie's heart beats fierce and free.
Mortal world turned to ice, Here be goblins'paradise!
C'mon, don't be scared. I just wan na play with your baby.
When I was a little girl, my mother would remind me each night before bed to be sure to open my heart to God, for he was kind, merciful and just. Things changed after my father left a few years later, leaving her to raise me and my brothers alone in a little place out on the edge of the Mojave Desert. She never talked about a kind and merciful God again. Instead she spoke of a prophecy. Of a time when all the world would be covered in darkness and the fate of Mankind would be decided. One night I finally got up the courage to ask my mother why God had changed, why was he mad at his children.'I don't know,'she said, tucking the covers around me,'I guess he just got tired of all the bullshit.'
When I was a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I'd go to sleep and he'd say to me, Percy, if you don't wake up tomorrow, if it turns out that today was your last day on earth, would you be proud of what you've done in this life? Cuz if you ain't, then you better start gettin'square.
I wish, for just one day, Dad couldn't tell a lie.
. The pen is blue! The pen is.
Am I too late? Have you been se xu al ly molested yet? I could circle the block.
Looks like old Jonesy finally got his walking papers.
We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money.
I don't believe this before Abe jive. I didn't go to night school to sing in no Mississippi Boys Choir!
Soft and supple. Like a lady's.
You just committed suicide, boy.
I appreciate you going to all this trouble over my corn bread. I don't get a lot of compliments in my line of work.
You know that great thing, though? Is that change can be so constant you don't even feel the difference until there is one. It can be so slow that you don't even notice that your life is better or worse, until it is. Or it can just blow you away. Make you something different in an instant. It happened to me.
Hindsight. It's like foresight without a future.
I'm not even listening.
Thanks for talking about me behind my back.useful in court.
What kind of a mother can't stand her son?
It's not my back that's killing me.
Why can't you all just die and leave me alone!
Build this house with me.
It's almost done.
That I made you doubt it, that I withheld it.that's the greatest mistake of a life full of mistakes. But the truth doesn't set us free, Robin. I can say it as many times as you can stand to hear it. And all that does, the only thing, is remind us that love isn't enough. Not even close.
Angels don't get any older, son.
Twenty-thousand years ago, Grandpa Lucifer said,'It is better to rule in hell than serve in heaven.'Well, I'm getting tired of serving in Hell. We need a place where we can rule.
Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a pineapple up Hitler's ass at fouro'clock.
Super devil juice? Give it over. Let's go best two out of three.
I don't get no respect.
Last time I saw a pair of jugs that big, two hillbillies were blowing on them.
Yeah. The deep South.
That guy is still a horn dog.
I've never been to Earth. I've never even slept over at some other dude's house!
Look, it's okay for me to shit the street. But you got ta use a toilet.
I don't know how you came up with some of it.
Last time you said that the renaissance happened.
Why do you taunt me with your darkness?! Your evil is stinking up our streets! We're all gon na die!
Get that crap outta here!
Now that hurt the both of us.
I hear a train coming. Drink.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream. No wonder I'm fucking exhausted.
And Bob, what the fuck is that smoke? Might as well get a couple hamsters in here blowing smoke rings for Christ's sake.
That's fucked it. What do we do now? No money, no weed; it's all been swapped for a pile of corpses.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear.
You're not funny Tom; you're fat and look as though you should be funny, but you're not.
Get your fingers out of my soup!
It all seemed to make sense until Box.
Yes indeed, everyone. Actually, they all have three.'The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE
You're beautiful. Let's have sex.
Logan! You renewed!
Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea. It's all here - ready - fresh as harvest day. Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea.And then it stopped coming and they came instead. So I store them here. I'm ready. And you're ready. It's my Job - protein, plankton, grass from the sea
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
You got a talent for statin'the obvious, son Muchachos! Venga afuera! Brazos arribas!
Sometime in the early'70s a reporter from a national magazine was talking to the governor of our Lone Star state, and he asked him,'Governor, what's your ideal of what a real Texan ought to be?'Governor said,'That's easy, son- you just go down to Rio County and get a look at Sheriff Buddy Deeds.'
I remember Charley Wade come to my father's hardware store once when I was a little boy. I'd heard stories how he shot this one, how he shot that one man winked at me and I peed in my pants. Winked at me.
This beaner fare doesn't agree with me, but the price sure is right.
Look at all this, would you? My tackle, the boat, all to catch a little old fish just minding its business on the bottom of the lake.
This big fella was sleepin'in a crate at Cisco's junkyard right when I looked to see what was in it. Jumped up at my face scared me so bad I killed him without thinkin'.
You ought to put up a banner'Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy'
But this country's seen a good number of disagreements over the years.
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
Ever watched a man die? If you watch very closely, you can sometimes see the soul escaping. And if you're very quick, you can catch it.
Are you ready for my wisdom?
We be nice to them if they be nice to us. Take it off us. We swears to do what you wants. We swears.
Its talking, Merry. The tree is talking!
You could have picked a better spot.
No, my lord! No, my lord. Let him go. Enough blood has been spilled on his account.
War, yes It affects us all. But you must understand, young hobbit. It takes a loong time to say anything in ooold Entish. And we never say anything unless it is worth taking a looong time to say.
Dont follow the lights!
My home lies deep in the forest near the roots of the mountain. I told Gandalf I would keep you safe and safe is where Ill keep you. The trees have grown wild and dangerous. Anger festers in their hearts. They will harm you if they can. There are too few of us now. Too few of us Ents left to manage them.
Theres no promise you can make that I can trust.
I found it, I did. The way through the marshes. Orcs don't use it. Orcs don't know it. They go round for miles and miles. Come quickly. Swift and quick as shadows we must be.
Theyve run as if the very whips of their masters were behind them.
The fires of Isengard will spread. And the woods of Tuckborough and Buckland will burn. And all that was once green and good in this world will be gone. There won't be a Shire, Pippin.
I know your face. owyn owyn.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him.
The fat hobbit, he knows. Eyes always watching.
Do we leave Middle-earth to its fate? Do we let them stand alone?
There will be no dawn for Men.
Look to my coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the east.
To whatever end Where is the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? They have passed like rain on the mountains. Like wind in the meadow. The days have gone down in the west. Behind the hills, into shadow. How did it come to this?
Youll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Wait! This creature is bound to me. And I to him. He is our guide. Please, let me go down to him.
This night, the land will be stained with the blood of Rohan! March to Helms Deep! Leave none alive!
Look for your friends. But do not trust to hope, it has forsaken these lands. We ride north!
Mordor. The one place in Middle-earth we dont want to see any closer, and the one place were trying to get to. Its just where we cant get. Lets face it, Mr. Frodo, were lost. I dont think Gandalf meant for us to come this way.
I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound.
Le ab-dollen. You look terrible.
Filthy little hobbitses. They stole it from us.
Argh! That one counts as mine!
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
I think. we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin.
Keep breathing! Thats the key! Breathe! Ho!
We swears to serve the master of the preciousss. We swears on. on the precious. Gollum. Gollum.
Dont talk to it, Merry. Dont encourage it.
The Ring will not save Gondor. It has only the power to destroy. Please, let me go.
Do you want to know what happened to Boromir? You want to know why your brother died? He tried to take the Ring from Frodo! After swearing an oath to protect him, he tried to kill him! The Ring drove your brother mad!
Rohan, my lord, is ready to fall.
Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast!
Why do you lay these troubles on an already troubled mind. Can you not see? Your uncle is wearied by your malcontent, your war-mongering.
Be silent! Keep your forked tongue behind you teeth. I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm!
So. this is the answer to all the riddles. Here in the wild I have you. Two halflings and a host of men at my call. The Ring of power within my grasp.
His staff! I told you to take the wizards staff!
Looks like meats back on the menu, boys!
I am wasted on cross-country! We dwarves are natural sprinters! Very dangerous over short distances!
Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters. Farewell.
A red sun rises. Blood has been spilled this night.
What would you have me do? Look at my men. Their courage hangs by a thread. If this is to be our end, then I would have them make such an end as to be worthy of remembrance.
Bring your pretty face to my axe!
I don't care if it's legal, it's wrong.
Don't underestimate yourself. You're the best, Tony.
You can fight a lot of enemies and survive but if you fight your biology you always lose.
The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise.
Every faction in Africa calls themselves by these noble names -'liberation-this','patriotic-that','democratic-republic-of- something or other'. I guess they can't own up to what they usually are -'federation- of-worse-oppressors-than-the last-bunch-of- oppressors'. Often the most barbaric atrocities occur when both combatants proclaim themselves'freedom fighters'.
In my experience some of the most successful relationships are founded on lies and deceit. Since that's where they usually end up anyway, it's a logical place to start.
Avtomat Kalashnikova, model of 1947 - more commonly known as the AK-47 or Kalashnikov. It's the world's most popular assault ritle - a weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forged steel and molded plastic. It doesn't break, jam or over-heat. It will shoot whether its covered in mud or filled with sand. It's so easy, even a child can use it. And they do. The Russians put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian peoples'greatest export - after that comes vodka and suicidal novelists. One thing's for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.
The problem with gunrunners going to war is there's no shortage of ammunition.
There are over 550 million firearms in worldwide circulation. That's one firearm for every twelve people on the planet. The only question is. how do we arm the other eleven?
In the most AIDS infested region of the globe, where one in four is infected, Andre's idea of a joke was to put a young Iman and a young Naomi naked in my bed and no condom within a hundred miles.
I can get you the shoulder-fired SA-7 surface-to-air missiles. The older Chinese model. Not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if used against a commercial airliner. I'm giving them away at eight-fifty.
But the only problem with an honest buck is they're so hard to make. The margins are too low. Too many people are doing it.
I would tell you to go to hell. But I think you're already there.
The second rule is always ensure you have a foolproof way to get paid. Credit card, check, cash. Preferably in advance, ideally to an off-shore account. It's why I choose my customers so carefully. Say what you like about warlords and dictators, they tend to have a highly developed sense of order. They always pay their bills on time.
We've met before, haven't we?
'Fucker gets more pussy than a toilet seat.
Who the hell owns that dog?
Dick Laurent is dead.
Did you want to talk to me?
Don't you ever want to see what's on the other side of the hill?
Think of it! In times like these.
Gentlemen, I give you a toast. Here is my hope that Robert Conway will find his Shangri-La!
Age is a limit we impose upon ourselves. You know, each time you Westerners celebrate your birthday, you build another fence around your minds.
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.
Mr. Conway, I don't like this place. I don't like it. It's too mysterious.
Forgiven. You know, when we were on that plane, I was fascinated by the way its shadow followed it. That silly shadow racing along over mountains and valleys, covering ten times the distance of the plane. It was always there to greet us with outstretched arms when we landed. And I've been thinking that somehow you're that plane, and I'm that silly shadow. That all my life I've been rushing up and down hills, leaping rivers, crashing over obstacles, never dreaming that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arms.
Let's try this dance again. You are the puppet. I am the puppeteer. Do get it right this time.
Unhand me, you mechanical moron.
I never liked me, anyway.
Sarcasm is the recourse of a weak mind.
Ouch. Could he be cuter? I don't think so.
Let's see, do I spend my last night on Earth watching Mom and Dad pretend not to be fighting again or get in ten years of making-out at the mall. you do the math.
Not another word. Better. Now if you've finished hosing down the decks with testosterone, I suggest you come with me. I may have found a way to get us off this planet.
Course confirmed for slingshot exit of the solar system. Just so I can take the family camper on an interstellar picnic.
They eat their wounded.
Last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
John, get the hell out of there.
We're lost, aren't we?
No more monkey business.
Never fear. Smith is here.
Nothing good will come of this.
The planet is breaking up around us.
A brief lesson in survival on this world or any other. Never trust anyone. Remember it into your old age, should you have one. Now move!
No. Really. I think you two should go ahead and slug it out. I mean, here we are stranded on an alien world and you boys want to get into a pissing contest. So please, go for it. I'll have Judy down here in a heartbeat to declare you both unfit and I'll take over this mission. Now I don't want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice. Is that clear?
Major West, I highly recommend you never breed. That by the way is my medical opinion.
If this in all a dream, why can't there be more girls?
You're probably just having a mid- life crisis. Did you buy a Porche?
I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is.
For relaxing times, make it Suntory Time.
Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun.
God will forgive me, the time of transformation is so near.
What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
So that's it, just forget about us?
All's fair in love and basketball. Strip.
, girl, I didn't know Nike made dresses. Guess
It's a trip, you know? When you're a kid, you see the life you want, and it never crosses your mind that it's not gon na turn out that way.
What about me coach? Did I have heart?
So, you must be the Red Dragon.
We're here representing Max. You're acting like a Puerto Rican on the fifteenth of the month.
Well, that's news to me. The name's Tom.
In this big game that we play it is not what you find and it's not what you deserve - It's What You Take. I'm Frank T.J. Mackey, Master of the Muffin and author of the Seduce and Destroy System of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the techniques to have any hard-body blonde dripping to wet your dock!
I know that I did a thtupid thing. Tho-thtupid.getting brathes.I thought. I thought that he would love me. getting brathes, for what. for thumthing I didn't even.i don't know where to put things,y'know?
There are frogs falling from the sky.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago.and Claudia.whatever you wan na tell me, whatever you think might scare me,won't.and I will listen.I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want.and you know, you know.I won't judge you. I can do that sometimes, I know, but Iwon't.I can.listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you.
Ok. I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people.
'It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels.'
Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea
You have to be nicer to me, Dad.
And the book says:'We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.'
This is not an easy job. I get a call from Shirley on the radio: Bad News. It's never good news. She tries to be cheerful, tries to say something nice, but uh-huh, it's just Bad News. And It Stinks. But this is my job. And I Love It. Because I want to do well. In this life and in this world I want to do well. And I want to help people. And I may get twenty bad calls a day. But one time I help someone, I Make A Save? I correct a wrong or right a situation; Then I'm a happy cop. And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good.
This happens.this is something that happens.
Now I'll die and I'll tell you: what? The biggest regret of my life: I let my love go.
.now that I've met you. Would you object to never seeing me again?
Let's make some fuckin'money, folks.
and you wan na know the common element for the entire group, like he asks.I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you,'cause I had that question. I had that same question.Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form.'Well.all we were asking was the common element, Donnie.but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge.ahhh, Kids! Full of useless thoughts, eh?'Thank you. Thank you. And the book says:'We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.'And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
.alot of people think this is just a job that you go to.take a lunch hour, the jobs over, something like that. But.it's a 24 hour deal.no two ways about it.and what most people don't see: Just How Hard It Is To Do The Right Thing. People think if I make a judgment call that it's a judgment on them.but that's not what I do and that's not what should be done.I have to take everything and play it as it lays. Sometimes people need a little help. Sometimes people need to be forgiven and sometimes they need to go to jail. And that's a very tricky thing on my part.making that call.the law is the law and heck if I'm gon na break it.but you can forgive someone? Well, that's the tough part.What Do We Forgive? Tough part of the job.tough part of walking down the street.
Forget the curveball. Go with the heater.
The American Express card. Don't steal home without it.
Look at this fuckin'guy.
Wild thing, You make my heart sing, You walk everything.
We should've gotten him a live chicken.
Good morning, gentlemen. Welcome to another season of Indians'baseball.
I pissed off now, Jo-Buu. I good to you, I stand up for you. If you no help me now, I say fuck you, Jo-Buu. I do it myself.
We got a problem. Cerrano wants some extra power for tonight. He's lookin'to sacrifice a live chicken. We can't have people pukin'in the locker room before the game.
So, a tough start for the Erie warriors, as they drop a heartbreaker to the Yankees, nine to nothing. The Post Game Show was brought to you by. Christ. I can't find it. The hell with it. This is Harry Doyle saying good night, everybody, and Happy Hunting.
Nice throw, dickhead.
Wild Thing, you make my heart sing.
Let's cut through the crap. I only got one thing to say to you. Just rear back and strike this motherfucker out.
Is very bad to steal Jo-Buu's gin. Is very bad.
Say hey, Willie Mays Hayes here. I play like Mays and run like Hayes.
Well, you may run like Mays, but you hit like shit.
I'm not much for inspirational addresses. I just wanta point out that every newspaper in the country has picked us to finish last. The local press thinks we'd save everybody a lot of time and trouble if we just went out and shot ourselves. Me, I like to waste sportswriters'time so I'm for hangin'around and seein'if we can give all these guys a nice big shitburger to eat.
That's too much power for one man to have.
I'm half wop, half nigger and ain't afraid of no one.
We had the best organization that black people ever had and niggers ruined it.
I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.
I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind.
A Muslim must be strikingly upright. Outstanding. So those in the darkness can see the power of the light.
Hey, Red. Your man's here and waiting on you.
Stop, please! If I hear you drop one more rhyme,I'ma hafta smoke myself.
I'm thin to win!'The name is B-Rad, Not Robbie Van Winkle. Go get my latte nonfat, And don't forget the sprinkle!'
You ain't got the bizalls, bitch!
Don't anybody know where the driveway's at?! Damn!
This ain't a picnic, bitch!
Oh, you dat weak fuck from de club.
Anne! I know. I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you. is treason against my heart.
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Aramis, Porthos and Athos, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours. And as for you, Phillippe. Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
So what? I'd rather die covered in blood, than an old man, lying in my own piss.
I am not angry with you. I knew you would lead me to them, and so you have! Lay down your sword, and I will not punish you! I will let you retire in peace, to live out your days in the countryside! And I will give your friends a swift execution, if you surrender now.
You have the heart of a king.
You are right. It is rotten. I will speak to the King myself. You have my word.
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel. I will kill both him and the man who told me.
I've worn this mask so long, I couldn't sleep without it.
I'm a genius, not an engineer!
After all you have done, I must ask you one more service to your king. I have lost my father. And you have lost your son. Let me love you like a son to a father. And I pray you live for this, to love me like your son.
You will put this madman where no one can hear his insanity. Let him be fed by a deaf mute. But feed him well, and let him have a long life within the Iron Mask.
You grow fond of him. That's good.
There's no such thing as tough, Creasy. Just trained and untrained.
The gunshot holds no fear. Say it.
I think he's been sick. He's alright now, but I think he's been very, very sick.
Listen to me. Listen! I'm going to take your family apart piece by piece.
The most important thing in life is family. And there you are. You have my family. What do you want?
'I'm going back someday, come what may, to Blue Bayou.'
I am going to ask questions. If you don't answer, fully and truthfully, you will suffer much more than you have to.
Dear God. I do not ask for health. Or wealth. People ask you so often that you can't have any left. Give me God what you still have. Give me what no one else asks for. Amen.
He'll deliver more justice in a weekend, than ten years of your courts and tribunals. So stay out of his way.
You're insane. But, you might also be brilliant. Alright, Andy. let's do it.
Hey! Did you come down here to wrestle, or to act like an ass?
It's a veddy small island in de Caspian Sea. It sunk.
I don't know! and lowers his voice Andy. you need to look inside: Who are you trying to entertain? The audience. or yourself?
Because I look upon a woman as a whole.
Jesus, here I am, sitting in the center of a lot of wealth, the escalation in crime couldn't be better, and I'm not turning a damn nickel on it.
I've got a better idea.
It's just YOU and me now, sport. And I'd better hurry up and find you. Because I'm losing all this.
You're so sly, but so am I. Aniline
Not only do I look like Meir- schultz I AM Meirschultz. I will be a great man.
By the way did you hear a shot last night?
Tonight, my dear Maxwell, I am ready to try my experi- ment on a human.
Once a ham, always a ham. < U > You < /U >, an actor! And don't for- get, my dear Maxwell, the police will be glad to find you. Max is very contrite smiles wanly. Clears his throat. MAXWELL Hm I did not mean I wouldn't
I must get her out of here she must have oxygen.
I left a piece of skin in a movie theater once so it could watch movies all its life.
It's probably for the best. I have this theory, I think, historically, women have been held back in so many ways that when they get power, like they do behind the wheel, they can't help but abuse it. It's akin to Hannah Arendt's Eichmann theory about prison guards and prisoners switching rolls.
My scrotum is longer than my penis.
Well, make sure you can handle rejection. I can't. For me, expectation just turns to disappointment. So, ultimately I'd rather not try. It'll all go black for us soon enough anyway.
Tell him not to feel bad. Sooner or later, we all lose our balls.
Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he got ta face some facts, and one fact I got ta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wan na get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wan na call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wan na go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug. I got feelings, you know. I had enough pain. No, thank you.
You don't like her. My mother don't like her. She's a dog, and I'm a fat, ugly little man. All I know is I hadda good time last night. I'm gon na have a good time tonight. If we have enough good times together, I'm gon na go down on my knees and beg that girl to marry me. If we make a party again this New Year's, I got ta date for the party. You don't like her, that's too bad.
Get that dirty old man out of the operating room!
Hiya, Frank. Hiya, Hot Lips.
Fair's fair, Henry. If I get into Hot Lips and jump Hawkeye Pierce, do I get to go home, too?
The angels are not done with you yet.
emember when you were a kid, and you'd hold your breath when you went past a graveyard?
It's okay. They're angels, now.
Try to take Payne alive, if there's anything left.
Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken, diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world?
Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
Easy, Bill. You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan'to stay, leave you stay, you wan'to go. Rahtid!
'.I want you to levitate. I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.'
Got enough nice pictured, Easter.
You never know. Lightning could strike.
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for. Drew's a good man. I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate
It nice it happen to you. It like you came to Cat Island and you had a holiday, sun didn't burn you red, just brown, sleep no mosquito eat you, rum no poung you head nex'day. But trut'is, dat bound to happen, you stay long enough. So tak dat nice picture home wi'you, but don'be fooled. We lonely here mostly, too. If we lucky, we got some nice pictures.
You're not Death. You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
I certainly hope so, I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
Thank you for loving me.
I wish you could've known my father.
I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with? I say fall head over heels. Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back. And how do you find him? Forget your head and listen to your heart. I'm not hearing any heart. Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back. Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try. Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
Tear down all the fences. Why, if you tore one picket off of your neighbor's fence he'd sue you!
Okay, folks, but remember your manners. No stampeding. Walk slow, like you do when you come to pay your taxes.
Five thousand dollars! Holy mackerel! I can see the heelots comin'. The whole army of them!
There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that! Come on, Colonel.
Now, why can't that spirit, that same warm Christmas spirit last the whole year round? Gosh, if it ever did, if each and every John Doe would make that spirit last three hundred and sixty-five days out of the year, we'd develop such a strength, we'd create such a tidal wave of good will, that no human force could stand against it.
Listen. If that guy lays an egg. I want to get something out of it. I'm getting a Jane Doe ready!
You're supposed to be a smart guy! If it was raining hundred dollar bills, you'd be out looking for a dime you lost some place.
I don't read no papers and I don't listen to radios either. I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
I've seen guys like you go under before. Guys that never had a worry. Then they got ahold of some dough and went goofy. The first thing that happens to a guy
Finished playing with yourself, Lenny?
Don't feel drunk.
I'm gon na use you, you stupid fuck. I'm telling you now because I'll enjoy it more if I know that you could stop me if you weren't a freak.
That's a test? Where were you guys when I did my CPA?
You called me. You wanted my help. You know, Lenny, I've had more rewarding friendships than this one. Although I do get to keep using the same jokes.
Probably tried this before. Probably burned truckloads of your stuff. Can't remember to forget you.
Quit it! You're not a killer, Lenny. That's why you're so good at it.
I have to believe in the world outside my own mind. I have to believe that my actions still have meaning, even if I can't remember them. I have to believe that when my eyes are closed, the world's still there.
Beg my forgiveness! Beg my wife's forgiveness before I blow your brains out!
Anything about that seem unusual to you?
We got the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this?
Do those still work?
You milk-suckers! You don't matter! In a few seconds you won't even be matter!
Caused the'77 New York blackout. Practical joke by the Great Attractor. He thought it was funny as hell.
Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam.
Interesting job you guys got.
Get your big butt back in that house!
Days. Months. Years. Always face it forwards.
We'll take it from here.
Damn, my eyes are tired from reading that movie.
It ain't right, stealing from a pregnant lady.
He fell. Hey, fella, you fell. Is he all right?
Well, I ain't af'real cowboy, but I'm one hell of a stud!
If you want the word on that brother and sister act, I'll give you the word. That Hansel's a fag and Gretel's got the hots for herself. So who cares, right? Load up on the salami.
I only get carsick on boats. But seems to me that's more the fish smell than the bouncing.
Oh, difficult, it's so difficult. You're a nice person, Joe, I should never have asked you up, a lovely person. Oh, how I loathe life. I loathe it. Please go. Please.
He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X, that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall.
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Dear Susan. Poor Jimmy was caught and beaten so badly he got a severe hernia and lost a testicle. He's been in the hospital for months having operations.
For a nation of pigs, it's funny you don't eat them. Fuck it, give me the sentence. Jesus forgave the bastards, but I can't. I hate you. Nation. I hate your I hate your people. And I fuck your sons and daughters!
We need Ninja MEGAZORD POWER, NOW!
GO POWER RANGERS!
Polly wan na cracker?
From this moment forth, the world as you know it SHALL CEASE TO
What is that odious stench?
Taking over the world is one thing. It's finding good help to run it for you that's the killer.
Hi, honey, I'm home!
I'm afraid that's impossible. The power has been destroyed. It's gone. The Zords, the weapons. all of it. The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers are no more.
Gee. pretty fancy-shmancy. I guess if you invest your money well over SIXTY centuries you can buy something pretty nice.
You're going to meet the most extraordinary men, the sexiest, brightest, funniest men, and you're going to fall in love with so many of them, and you won't know until
As President of the Board of Supervisors, it's my duty to make this announcement. Both Mayor Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk have been shot. and killed. GASPS from the REPORTERS. Dianne struggles to be heard.
I am here tonight to say, we will no longer sit quietly in our closets. We must fight. Not just in the Castro, or San Francisco, but everywhere the Anitas go. Anita Bryant did not win tonight. Anita Bryant has brought us together. She is going to create a national gay force! And the young people in Richmond, Minnesota, or Jackson, Mississippi, or Woodmere, New York. Who are coming out and hearing Anita Bryant on television telling them that they're wrong, they're sick, that there is no place for them in this great country, in this world. They're looking to us for something tonight. And I say, we have to give them hope! The CROWD goes WILD. HARVEY'S SPEECH CROSSES THE CUT TO.
The new Mrs. Milk. I give it a week.
Tonight the laws of God and the cultural values of man have been vindicated. The people of Dade county, the normal majority, have said enough, enough, enough.
A gay candidate against a gay candidate. It's unfortunate.
How do you teach homosexuality? Like French? I was born of heterosexual parents, I was taught by heterosexual teachers in a fiercely heterosexual society. So then why am I homosexual? And no offense meant, but if it were true that children mimicked their
Out of the bar and into the streets! Anita Bryant is coming after you!
If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door. And that's all. I ask for the movement to continue. Because it's not about personal gain, not about ego, not about power. it's about the'us's'out there. Not only gays, but the Blacks, the Asians, the disabled, the seniors, the us's. Without hope, the us's give up As the thousands of mourners arrive at City Hall, they place their candles around the statue of Lincoln.
I know you are angry. I am angry. Follow me through the streets of San Francisco to share our anger! Harvey jumps down and begins walking, not sure if the mob will follow. Finally, they do. Cleve catches up.
Hello, I'm Harvey Milk, and I'm here to recruit you.
Guys. Anne Kronenberg. She's a woman. A woman who likes women. Odd, isn't it?
You replaced Scott with a lesbian?
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Follow your heart and don't question it, now matter where it tells you to go. Trust me, it'll open up a world of new experiences you can't even imagine.
The Precogs are never wrong. They emit a single disc.'The immutable evidence of the infallible system.'
Thank God you didn't show up any later. This place gives me the chills at night. No electricity, and all these mirrors. You know, I live in Brooklyn near a Jewish neighborhood, and when someone dies, they cover all the mirrors in their house. Some say that it's just to renounce all vanity during the mourning period, but others say something else. They say it's to keep the soul of the dead from being trapped in the mirrors. Believe it or not, there's always a bit of truth in any superstition. Am I right?
No, he's not here. I don't know where he went. He never tells me anything anymore. He's probably out having an affair somewhere. Wait a minute. I think I hear him coming.
Dead. Dead. Dead! Wake up, Claire! Jim's dead, they're dead. They're all dead!
There was never any physical evidence that I had anything to do with that. that. With that exceptional piece of work.
I want him manning a radar tower in Alaska by the end of the day. Just mail him his clothes.
Luther, relax, it's worse than you think. The terminal's in black vault lock-down.
Hey, I'm the flavour of the month!
If you're dealing with someone who's crushed, stabbed, shot and detonated five members of his own IMF team, how devastated do you think you're going to make him by marching Ma and Uncle Donald down to the county courthouse?
As always, should you or any member of your IM force be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow all knowledge of your actions. This tape will self- destruct in five seconds. Good luck, Jim!
If we're going to Virginia, why don't we drop by Fort Knox? I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA.
Try any sleight-of-hand with my money and Ill cut your throat.
You know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you. Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
You know women, mate. Like monkeys, they are. Won't let go of one branch til they've got a grip on the next.get it, Nyah. I'll cover you.
Clear that bridge for me.
The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do.
You're not going to shoot, Sean. Not this bitch. She's worth thirty-seven million pounds.
Feel like pleading for your life?
If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception. For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the ground where he has to risk confrontation with security.
We've got 19 hours and 57 minutes before you start killing anybody. I'll get Bellerophon into your system by then. Just stay alive. I'm not gon na lose you.
Go ahead. Use it Hunt. It's not a bad way to go. A lot better than the way that bitch is going to die.
In just a few hours you can be assured of going down in history as the typhoid Mary of Oz.G'day.
They're us. We're them.
Hey. When we get back? We really will have to try this in the sim.
Internal combustion, boys. Accept no substitutes.
I left my phone number in your undies. Try not to lose it in traffic.
Sorry, Kitty! I'll be right back after I choke my monkey.
Well now, Launcelot, Galahad, and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the French by surprise, not only by surprise but totally unarmed!
You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K.kaniggets.
I don't want to talk to you, no more, you empty-headed animal, food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. You mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
No, on second thought, let's not go to Camelot.
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Listen, lad, I built this kingdom up from nothing. All I had when I started was swamp. other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same. just to show'em. It sank into the swamp. So I built a another one. that sank into the swamp. I built another one. That fell over and THEN sank into the swamp. So I built another. and that stayed up. And that's what your gon na get, lad: the most powerful kingdom in this island.
Dennis! There's some lovely filth down here. Oh! howd'you do?
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!
Message for you, sir.
What a strange person.
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
No! Not the Knights Who Say'Ni'!
I understand, Sam. I hope life is everything you remember it to be.
Sam, get some sleep. You're very tired.
Is there someone in the room with us?
You've been up here too long, man! You've lost the plot!
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base.
I don't know. Everything seems like nothing now against that I want you in my bed. I don't care if I burn in hell. I don't care if you burn in hell. The Past and Future is a joke to me now. I see that they're nothing, I see they ain't here. The only thing that's here is you. And me. I want you to come upstairs. Now. I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't. I couldn't take everything in a hundred years. It's the way we are. We compound each other.
You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
Old Man, if you give another piece of my food to those dogs, I'm gon na kick you till you're dead!
I can't sleep anymore. It's too much like death.
Now he's gon na play that damn Vicki Carr record. And then when he comes to bed, he won't touch me.
I don't care! I ain't no freakin monument to justice! I lost my hand, I lost my bride! Johnny has his hand, Johnny has his bride! You come in here and you want me to put away my heartbreak and forget?
You're forty-two years old, Johnny, and Mama is still running your life.
Somebody tell a joke!
Sorry about that, folks. She's a very pretty mental patient.
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head!
This is the most tormented man I have ever known. I am in love with this man. He doesn't know that. I never told him cause he can never love anybody since he lost his hand and his girl.
Come upstairs. I don't care why you come. No, that's not what I mean. Loretta, I love you. Not like they told you love is and I didn't know this either. But love don't make things nice, it ruins everything, it breaks your heart, it makes things a mess. We're not here to make things perfect. Snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. We are here to ruin ourselves and break our hearts and love the wrong people and die! The storybooks are bullshit. Come upstairs with me, baby! Don't try to live your life out to somebody else's idea of sweet happiness. Don't try to live on milk and cookies when what you want is meat! Red meat just like me! It's wolves run with wolves and nothing else! You're a wolf just like me! Come upstairs with me and get in my bed! Come on! Come on! Come on!
And Jim, do me a little favor. The next time you're going to do anything, or say anything, or buy anything, think it over very carefully, and when you're sure you're right, forget the whole thing. Good night, Muriel.
Not ham, Wham! If you ain't eatin'Wham, you ain't eatin'ham!
'This little pig went to market As meek and as mild as a lamb. He smiled in his tracks When they slipped him the axe He knew he'd turn out to be Wham!'
.that if I told you, you'd know that he knew that you knew that he knew. that you knew. or something.
You! You've been taken to the cleaners and you don't even know your pants are off!
You mean you hit a spring, a bubbling spring right here in our cellar?
Miss Stellwagon says that advertising makes people who can't afford it buy things they don't want with money they haven't got.
So when we meet tomorrow night would you be so kind as to bring all of the pictures and the memory card from your camera. That way we can like each other simply for who we are. If you don't show up, I will presume you've gone to the police and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, someone will find you wherever you are and kill you.
Even if that guy was charming and funny I still wouldn't like him.
Don't kid yourself, Earl, you're going to kill again.
The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert. Would you like to stop somewhere and get something sweet?
With the taxes we pay, you'd think they could make it more difficult to hack into the Police personnel files..
You always want to invest in things people can't do without. Water and cemeteries are pretty safe.
Before I was the Thumbprint Killer, Mr. Smith, I killed a lot of people in a lot of different ways.
Jesse. Darling?. you know the best thing that could happen to me right now? That you get hit by a truck and die.
I don't enjoy this, Mr. Smith. I do it because I'm addicted to it. And before you entered my life I had vowed I would never kill again. So this is your party, you can chose anyone you want and we'll do it together.
Even his hands are oily.
Marvelous!'At twoo'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied:'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.'' Beautiful! What happened after that?
Henaberry, Mr. Morrow, Bill - this is Mr. Deeds and his fiance from Mandrake Falls.
Mabel, that guy's either the dumbest, the stupidest, the most imbecilic idiot in the world - or he's the grandest thing alive. I can't make him out.
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her. What the hell's the point in me being here otherwise?!
No-one should think themselves wiser than me! It is not for any of the Queen's subjects to presume to tell Her Majesty when and where She should come out of mourning. It is the Queen's sorrow that keeps her secluded! It is Her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility, work which She feels will soon wear her out entirely!
How dare the Irish break with the Anglicans? If Albert were alive today he would never allow the Crown to give up Church patronage. No, the Irish must be told, very firmly, to stay exactly where they are. It is the thin edge of the wedge, Mr Disraeli. Next, you will be telling me that the Crown no longer governs this nation.
Yesterday, Gladstone talked for three hours on the Irish Church Bill. I am as guilty as the rest of underestimating his reforming zeal. Tory days may be numbered, but I fancy there yet remains one last hope of deliverance. Wheresoever the blame lies, we must now close ranks and defend Mrs Brown's England. As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur..
The secret, Skip, is this, I am not now, nor have I ever been. a psychologist.
She kept yammerin'the whole time, but her hips were doing all the talking.
This shrink school you went to. did you hear about it on an infomercial?
Have you ever met a bigger shithead than my stepfather?
I may be young, but Doc can tell you, I'm very immature.
You actually address yourself by name in your thoughts? So you really think having two opposing ideas in your head does some kind of damage?
Oh, she doesn't know about it yet. Right now, of the two of us, I'm the only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of, was a hall pass. That's all I wanted. I loved moving freely around the school while everybody else was trapped in there. And that's how I feel right now. Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
Okay then. Are you positive your mother's a bitch? Just kidding.
Shocking. Did you know the government is wasteful? You heard it here first. Oh, and being a supermodel. it's no walk in the park.
I wish I could live in the shower. I'd take five a day if I had the time. I went to this spa in Germany, a sanitarium practically, up on this mountain. And the great thing, they just kept you wet all day.
The beautiful concert that you just heard could be the last concert of the East Harlem Violin Program. The Board of Education and the District Superintendent don't think that music is important for our children. But they're wrong, and they're in for a fight.
He has you on a pedestal. And me in his arms.
Tell him you love him. With all your heart.
This is my whole life's happiness. I have to be ruthless.
My fears and secrets. I'm afraid I killed my mother.
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
I used to like to play with my Ken and Barbie dolls, Ken was my favorite. Then one Christmas I got them a camper, and all they wanted to do was hang out in it by themselves. So I wasn't too upset when they took that wrong turn and went over a cliff.
Mrs. Sennett. Thomas J will be all right, my mother will take care of him.
His face hurts, and where is his glasses? He can't see without his glasses! Put his glasses on! Put on his glasses! He was gon na be an acrobat.
Vada, if bullshit wore a bra, you'd be topic. Come on Judy.
I remember before I was born, wounded up like a fur ball in the highly overrated fetal position, luckily I'm not claustrophobic, but on rainy days I still feel a tightness in my left shoulder. So now that my stepmother's pregnant, I understand what the baby's going through, and I'm not jealous at all, really, not at all.
Life is full of barbaric customs, I just hope they all end with a kiss like that.
UCLA? My cardigan sweater period.
Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor?
How come guys talk so much when they have nothing to say, and girls have plenty to say, but no-one will listen.
It means.I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say & quot; Oh Dad & quot; and get on the damn plane already?
May the forks be with us!
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble! I'm going to make you beg for somebody to help you let go!
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Can you remember the last time you fucked? Huh? What I want you to do is close your eyes and remember. remember the last time ol'Mickey gave you the high hard one. Are ya thinkin'about it? Good. Remember it. Don't ever forget it cause it ain't never gon na happen again. Cause when they get through with all that electroshock shit they got lined up for you two, Mick's dick ain't gon na be worth shit.
You made every day like kindergarten.
You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you.then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here.I'm right here. and you.you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not?
Someone once told me that to write well you have to write what you know. This is what I know. I am twenty five years old. I have never really kissed a guy. A geek to the core, most of my childhood years were spent doing extra homework I requested from the teacher.
Josie Grossie.
See you around the cellblock, Mrs. Robinson. Josie turns around and gives him a death look. Tracy turns to Rob.
Look, there goes another Lemming. WE ANGLE ON the escalator as Josie and the Girls rise single file out of- FRAME.
God wouldn't take me.
Every kid knows about Freddy. He's like Santa Claus or King Kong.
Promise. Cross my heart. But until Mommy gets back, Dylan, whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
# NAME?
I never seen the guy, honest. This brain of mine, always makin'mistakes. Got a mind of its own.
Whatta wes'pose to do, kiss'em?
This'll bust me, I'm barely makin'a livin'now
You shouldn't be callin'people ugly little shrimps. Oscar. Unless you're referrin; to the family resemblance in your brother here.
Dear me. What is dat unpleasant aroma? I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
So's your ol'lady! Tell Pulitzer he needs an appointment with me!
Well, you're not leaving till it's fixed, I'll tell you that.
Nigga, you got knock the fuck out.
Negro, what the hell you doing to my woman?
Skate-boarders I don't mind, even though they dress like fuckin'idiots, but when I see some pin-head on rollerblades, I get the definite urge to grease the grill of my car with'em.
Miss Winston, everyone has their secret faces.
Quite a dance, huh? Death everywhere and you and me in the middle. Catch!
That's good. Be still. It's quicker that way.
Never touched a legend before.
Gon na take more than a knitting needle to fuck me up, boy.
Weakness compels strength. Betrayal begets blood. This is the way of the Nine Clans. This is the way of the Ninja.
I know. It's unbelievable. I've investigated, world bank officials, drug cartels, arms dealers, and I've never faced this kind of heat. For ninjas. Fucking unbelievable!
The irezumi does not hide the skin, the tattoo reveals the nature of the man and illuminates the four noble professions in the Book of Five Rings: the Warrior, the Artist, the Merchant, and the farmer. If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
I know you didn't just disrespect me, did you? You that fucking stupid? You disrespect me, and I'll tattoo this ceiling with your fucking brains!
Yes. Comrade Cazabine? No, I'm sorry. he hasn't been with us for six months. He was called back to Russia and was investigated. You can get further details from his widow.
The day will come when you will be free. Go to bed, little father. We want to be alone.
It's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. Look at the clock. One hand has met the other hand. They kiss. Isn't that wonderful?
Don't make an issue of my womanhood. We are here for work. all of us. Let's not waste time. Shall we go?
Very good. The last mass trials were a great success. There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
I am so happy. No one can be so happy without being punished. I will be punished and I should be punished. I want to confess, darling.
A Russian! I love Russians! Comrade. I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years!
I'll tell you later. That Gurganov, you never know whether he's on his way to the washroom or the Secret Police.
It's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model.
Leon, I want to tell you something which I thought I never would say, which I thought nobody ever should say, because I thought it didn't exist. and, Leon. I can't say it.
In Richard Nixon's long history of underhanded dealings, he has never gotten better value for his money. If I were to open my mouth, all the dominoes would fall.
I don't understand. Track 2's Chile?
We've already had one radical in the White House. I don't think we could survive another.
this is just the sort of thing Mafia people can do, washing money, and things like that. We just don't know about these things because we're not criminals. How
It's the President's personal property! I will never give up my tapes to a bunch of Kennedy-loving Harvard Democrat cocksuckers!
Sir, all these deletion marks in the transcripts will make it look you swear all the time.
Power, Mr. Chairman, is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
When they look at you, they see what they want to be. When they look at me, they see what they are.
I never thought Jack was ready for the presidency. But I would never, never consider. His death was awful, an awful thing for this country. Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms?
John, sooner or later, sooner, I think, you are going to learn the lesson that has been learned by everyone who has ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Look at the landscape of his life and you'll see a boneyard..
The real war is in us. History is a symptom of our disease.
I hope I haven't let you down.
Can you imagine what this man would have been had he ever been loved?
Presidents don't threaten. They don't have to. Good day, gentlemen..
Christ, we created Frankenstein with those fucking Cubans.
They can't impeach me for bombing Cambodia. The President can bomb anybody he wants.
You live pretty well out here. Now I understand why you want to keep your budget classified.
I'd been president, they never would have killed me. Dick?
Your boy's on his way up. I met him years ago. In Havana.
That depends who writes the history books. I'm not a quitter. but I'm not stupid either. A trial would kill me, that's what they want. But they won't get it.
Yeah I'm goin'to bring you somethin'all right. I've decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't goin'to have to look for me at all.
Ultimo hombre. Last man standing, must've been one. Where'd he go?
Would you hold still please, sir.
.I always thought when I got older God would sort of come into my life in some way. He didn't. I don't blame him. If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does.
Look at that fuckin'bone.
Signs and wonders. But I think once you stop hearin'sir and madam the rest is soon to follow.
These are some ripe petunias.
Hell's bells, they even shot the dog.
.Here last week they found this couple out in California they would rent out rooms to old people and then kill em and bury em in the yard and cash their social security checks. They'd torture em first, I don't know why. Maybe their television set was broke. And this went on until, and here I quote..'Neighbors
Step out of the car please, sir.
.and then truss'em up and slit their throats? Well here Charlie has one trussed up and all set to drain him and the beef comes to. It starts thrashing around, six hundred pounds of very pissed-off livestock if you'll pardon my. Charlie grabs his gun there to shoot the damn thing in the head but what with the swingin'and twistin'it's a glance-shot and ricochets around and comes back hits Charlie in the shoulder. You go see Charlie, he still can't reach up with his right hand for his hat. Point bein', even in the contest between man and cow the issue is not certain.
Would you like something to nibble, apricots, soaked in honey, quite why, no one knows, because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless, there we go, yours if you want them.
I'm sorry I'm so late. Bollocksed up at work again, I fear. Millions down the drain.
Well, isn't this perhaps a good opportunity to. slip her one?
Bugger this for a bunch of bananas.
Are you a fan of Henry James?
Oh God this is one of those key moments in life, when it's possible you can be really, genuinely cool, and I'm going to fail a hundred percent. I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends. What do you think?
Okay. Tell me, would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you?
I'm just going to go into the kitchen to get some food, and then I'm going to tell you a story that will make your balls shrink to the size of raisins.
Yeh. Yeh. tricky. tricky. I knew a girl at school called Pandora. never got to see her box though.
Not bad. No bad at all. Well-chosen briefs, I'd say. Chicks love grey. Mmmmm. Nice firm buttocks.
I just want to say to Tony, don't take it personally. The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life, no one knows why some things work out, and some things don't, why some of us get lucky, and some of us..
'For June, who loved this garden, from Joseph who always sat beside her.'
We'll talk about that later.
Progress! It always arrives too late!
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
Hey, I'm the law. I don't got ta do nothing.
I call it'nutty'as my shit after I eat Almond Roca.
So you're against me now, too!. Is that how it is, boys?
Damn! We're in a tight spot!
Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an'turned him into a horney- toad!
The color guard is colored!
Well that's right! If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
So long, boys! Hee-hee! See ya in the funny papers!
Or, if not smithies per se, were you otherwise trained in the metallurgic arts before straitened circumstances forced you into a life of aimless wanderin'?
Hey mister! I don't mean to be tellin'tales out a school, but there's a man in there hands out ten dollars to anyone sings into his can!
Talk, you unreconstructed whelp of a whore! Where they headed?
Visit those foreclosin'sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
PappyO'Daniel was displayin'rectitude and high-mindedness when that pencil-neck you work for was still messin'his drawers!
I slaughtered this horse last Tuesday;'m afraid she's startin'to turn.
You don't say much friend, but when you do it's to the point and I salute you for it.
Do not seek the treasure! It's a bushwhack!
I'll press your flesh, you dimwitted sonofabitch - you don't tell your pappy how to cawt the elect'rate!
Friend, some of your folding money has come unstowed.
No - you stop it! Vernon here's got a job. Vernon's got prospects. He's bona fide! What're you?
Shake a leg, Junior! Thank God your mama died givin'birth-if she'd a seen ya she'd a died of shame.
And so. we gon na hang us a neegra!
Couldn't say. Mrs. Hogwallop up and R-U-N-N-O-F-T. Mm
We shall all meet, by and by.
Where's the happy little tire swing?
These boys is not white! These boys is not white! Hell, they ain't evenol'-timey! I happen to know,ladies'n gentlemen, this band a miscreants here, this very evening, they interfered with a lynch mob inna performance of its duties!
No! I don't want Fop! Goddamnit - I use Dapper Dan!
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him!
We aim to pull evil up by the root! Before it chokes out the flower of ourculture'n heritage! And our women! Let's not forget those ladies,y'all, lookin'to us forp'tection! From darkies! From Jews! From Papists! And from all those smart-ass folk say we come descended from the monkeys! That's not myculture'n heritage!
That's why I quit. So we could be together.
You've been red-flagged. It means the moment you step on the casino floor, they'll be watching you. Like hawks. Hawks with video cameras.
Tess is with Benedict now? She's too tall for him.
Yes. Yes. No. Very much no. Then inform Mr. Levin he'll find a better view of the fight in front of his television. Surely he must have H.B.O.
You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
Alright. You've proved your point. You've broken into my vault. Congratulations: you're a dead man.
Someone called for a doctor?
But what am I saying? You guys are pros, the best. I'm sure you can make it out of the casino. Of course, lest we forget, once you're out the front door, you're still in the middle of the fucking desert!
What, you guys get a group rate or something?
You're thirty seconds late. I was about to send out a search party. Danny.
O let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dreams. I am a traveler of both time and space, to be where I have been.
Ok. We're looking up money laundering in a dictionary.
Corporate Counsels Payroll, Nina speaking. Just a moment.
Conjugal visits? Not that I know of. Now, a minimum security prison is no picnic. I have a client in there right now. You see, the trick is, kick someone's ass the first day or become someone's bitch. Then everything will be all right. Why do you ask, anyway?
.to Mr. Lumbergh and he told me to talk to Payroll and then Payroll, they told me to talk to Mr. Lumbergh. And I still haven't gotten my paycheck and they stole my stapler and they told me to move my desk to Storage Room B and there was garbage all over it and I don't appreciate that.
Ok. I'll set the building on fire.
Well, look, I already told you. I deal with the goddamn customers so the engineers don't have to! I have people skills! I am good at dealing with people! Can't you understand that?!? WHAT THE HELL IS
Corporate accounting is sure as hell going to notice 305, 3 26.13! Michael!
That's what I'm talking about! I'm talking about America!
Uh, we should move on to a Peter Gibbons. I had a chance to meet this young man and boy does he have Straight to Upper Management written all over him.
Why don't you move it a little to the left? That's right. Great. Oh, hello, Peter. What's happening? Uh, could you give me those TPS reports ASAP? Mmmkay?
What am I going to do with forty subscriptions to Vibe?
Hey Peter man! Check out channel nine! It's a breast exam! Whoo!
Hello Peter. What's happening? Um, I'm gon na need you go ahead and come in tomorrow. So if you could be here around nine, that would be great. Oh, oh, yeaI forgot. I'm gon na also need you to come in Sunday too. We, uh, lost some people this week and we need to sorta catch up. Thanks.
Right. So there's three more people we can easily lose. There's Tom Smykowski.
Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
Only arithmetic he got was hearing the referee count up to ten.
Boys, this is my church. If you don't think Christ is here on the waterfront, you got another guess coming. And who do you think He lines up with
That is, if you've got the guts. If you haven't, you better hang on to this.
You want to know what's wrong with our waterfront? It's love of a lousy buck. It's making love of a buck the cushy job more important than the love of man. It's forgetting that every fellow down here is your brother in Christ.
I got ten thousand watts and hot to trot. First woman takes me on is gon na light up like a pinball machine an'pay off in silver dollars.
But I tried. Goddammit, I sure as hell did that much. Didn't I?
He can't hear you. He's just a deaf and dumb Indian!
Well, don't admire people too much. They'll disappoint you sometimes.
A little advice about feeling, kiddo. Don't expect it always to tickle.
Conrad? Let's have a great Christmas! Okay? Let's have. a great year. Let's have the best year of our whole lives, OK? We can, you know. This could be the best year ever.
You know, I think this can be saved. It's a nice clean break.
Torture! Torture! It pleasures me!
A pussycat is born to be whipped.
Going somewhere, Kate? Kate startles and whirls to check on Max. She's. fast asleep.
I have a special surprise for you, Mommy. Kate eyes her warily. No idea what to expect.
I'll kill her it you tell.
Was worse than you imagined, wasn't it? Baby, you with the bad boys now.
Andy? Really. Who gives a shit?
You wanted to tussle, we tussled.
Man doesn't have to get killed. He could accidentally fall on something sharp, like a shiv. Or my dick.
Hey, Bank Robber, want some advice? Next time, leave the engine running.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up? You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes,'Oh, I had you all wrong'?
What about my motive? Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal. You think I will?
Get the fuck away from me.
Look, don't be stupid.
They're not supposed to be here!
My room. Definitely my room.
The Black Panther Party is not anti- white, you can not fight racism with racism.
Lady, every Black man you lay eyes on ain't a dope dealer.
Some of us look down on the Yanks for not yet joining this war. I'd just like to say that if there are many more back home like you, God help anyone who goes to war with America.
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
You good-lookin'sumbitch.don't you EVER die!
That's bullshit, son. But it's really good bullshit.
It's not easy making friends. Two nights ago I drank a beer with a couple of the R.A.F. pilots, beer's the only thing here that isn't cold, and yesterday both of them got killed.
You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize:'Lushu hoo megwa fugi.'It means'I am an American.'In Chinese.
Take me to your cinema.
Whatever I photograph -
I like to understand what I'm shown!
He won't be doing the crossword tonight!
Do you know. what the most frightening thing in the world is?.
Well look who's here! Cecil Beaton!
The silly bitch! She's fainted in the wrong scene.
The best thing about being a dentist. Pure pharmaceutical grade. A couple of lines of this, I can drill my own teeth. Hi.
Gage? Are you the one playing games?
You done it, you stupid old man. now you got to undo it.
Why.that sometimes dead is better. That's all. Sometimes dead is better.
Go on. Lie down. Play dead. Be dead.
The barrier was not meant to be crossed. The ground is sour.
Drew, I know your dog died, but. get a grip, man, you're freaking me out.
No brain, no pain, Chase. Think about it.
Life is full of lessons. No one's above it. Not you. Not me. Now get in the car.
You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule.
I've been married six months and I've never had an affair,
Those people make me sick, Filko! But a law's been broken, okay? The law. Remember the law?
Forget everything you've seen on TV, and in the movies.
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.
Explain this to me like I'm a six year old, okay? The entire street is clear except for one small area under construction, with a huge hole that is clearly marked and blocked off, and you decide you must cross the street at this spot. You fall into the hole and you want to sue the city for negligence?.
Careful, Stu. Don't volunteer too much.
I'm on my knees begging you.
I'm dying to hear this! What the fuck can you do about it, up in your fucking high window with your goddam binoculars?
Something's going on, and it has to do with that number. The answer is there.
Listen to me. The Ancient Japanese considered the Go board to be a microcosm of the universe. Although when it is empty it appears to be simple and ordered, in fact, the possibilities of game play are endless. They say that no two Go games have ever been alike. Just like snowflakes. So, the Go board actually represents an extremely complex and chaotic universe. That is the truth of our world, Max. It can't be easily summed up with math. There is no simple pattern.
Friday, September fifth. Seven twelve. It's fair to say, I'm stepping out onto a limb. But I'm on the edge and that's where it happens.
If the number's in there, I'll find it.
C'mon, Max. You don't get it. I don't give a shit about you. I only care about what's in your fucking head. If you won't help us help yourself, then I'll have only one choice. Destroy the competition. I'll take you out of the game. Survival of the fittest, Max. And we've got the gun.
Hold on, you have to slow down. You're losing it, you have to take a breath. Listen to yourself. You're connecting a computer bug I had, a computer bug you might have had, and some religious hogwash. If you want to find the number two sixteen in the world, you'll be able to pull it out of anywhere. Two hundred and sixteen steps from your street comer to your front door. Two hundred and sixteen seconds you spend riding on the elevator. When your mind becomes obsessed with anything, it will filter everything else out and find examples of that thing everywhere. Three hundred and twenty, four hundred and fifty, twenty-three. Whatever! You've chosen two sixteen and you'll find it everywhere in nature. But Max, as soon as you discard scientific rigor, you are no longer a mathematician. You become a numerologist. What you need to do is take a break from your research. You need it. You deserve it Here's a hundred dollars, I want you to take it. If, you won't take it, borrow it. Either way, take a break. Spend it however you like as long as it falls in the category of vacation. Real world stuff, okay. No math.
Happy birthday, Euclid.
I got it! I got it! What's the answer?
Who!? Those Wall Street bastards.
The Torah is just a long string of numbers. Some say that it's a long code sent to us from God.
Remember Archimedes of Syracuse? The King asks Archimedes to determine if a present he's received was actually solid gold. Unsolved problem at the time. It tortures the great Greek mathematician for weeks. Insomnia haunts him and he twists and turns on his bed for nights on end. Finally, his equally exhausted wife, she's forced to share a bed with this genius, convinces him to take a bath, to relax. While stepping into the tub he observes the bathwater rise as he enters. Displacement. A way to determine volume. And thus, a way to determine density, weight over volume. And thus, Archimedes solves the problem. He screams'Eureka!'Greek for'I found it!'and is so overwhelmed he runs dripping naked through the streets to the King's castle to report his discovery. Now, what's the moral of the story.
You just got killed by a Ford Fiesta motherfucker! How you like me now!?!
Oh, the Pineapple Express. It's so rare it's almost a shame to smoke it, like killing a unicorn.with, like, a bomb.
I'm going to go call Angie. Make up some bull shit.
Has anyone seen my bigger knife? Do you guys hear that?
I wish we could just go nowhere.
I row over, search the ship until I find your bloody key.
Do you fear death? Do you fear that dark abyss? All your deeds laid bare. All your sins punished. I can offer you. an escape-uh.
Damn you, Jack Spar-row!
Darling, I am truly unhappy to have to tell you this but. through an unfortunate and entirely unforeseeable series of circumstances that have nothing whatsoever to do with me, poor William has been press-ganged into Davy Jones'crew.
You know, these clothes do not flatter you at all. It should be a dress or nothing. I happen to have no dress in my cabin.
Hah! A heading. Set sail in a. mmm. a general. in that way - direction.
The captain goes down with his ship.
I challenge Davy Jones.
I want my jar of dirt.
My tremendous intuitive sense of the female creature informs me that you are troubled.
Have you not met Will Turner? He's noble, heroic, terrific soprano. Worth at least four. maybe three and a half. And did I happen to mention. he's in love. With a girl. Due to be married. Betrothed. Dividing him from her and her from him. would only be half as cruel as actually allowing them be joined in holy matrimony. Aye?
Guard the boat, mind the tide. Don't touch my dirt.
Heave! Heave like you're being paid for it!
Jack? Jack Sparrow! I can honestly say I'm glad to see you!
So you see, Mercer, every man has a price he will willingly accept. Even for what he hopes never to sell.
James Norrington. What has the world done to you?
She's only a ship, mate.
Open the chest with the key, and stab the heart. No-no-no-no. Don't stab the heart. The Dutchman needs a living heart, or there'll be no captain. And if there's no captain, there's no one to have the key.
One word love: curiosity. You long for freedom. You long to do what you want to do because you want it. To act on selfish impulse. You want to see what it's like. One day, you won't be able to resist.
Come on, men! Lift it like a lady's skirt!
Keep a weather eye on the horizon.
Leave him lie! Unless you plan on using him to hit something with.
Still rooting for you, mate!
Aya! Uh? seech! Aunido! Aunido! Follow my voice! Follow my voice! To the left, uh. No, to the right. Go to the left.
Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil.
Jack Sparrow. Our debt is settled.
You'll have the chance to do something. something courageous. And when you do, you'll discover something: that you're a good man.
Oh, Mother Cary's chickens. What happened?
I? can/? may join the circus!
How do you know of the key?
It's the Bible. You get credit for trying.
All you people are so scared of me, an'most days, I'd take that as a compliment, but it ain't me you got ta worry about now.
Just a suggestion, but perhaps we should flee.
Like I said. Ain't me you got ta worry about.
I don't truly know what's gon na happen when the lights go out, Carolyn, but I do know that once the dyin'starts, this little psycho family of ours is gon na rip itself apart. So you better find out the truth. Come nightfall, you better know exactly who's standing behind you.
Don't touch it! Don't touch that switch!
Somethin'went wrong, huh?
Didn't know who he was fuckin'with.
Dancin'on razor blades here.
So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan?
C'mon, Riddick, said I'd die for them, not you.
Strong survival instinct. Admire that in a woman.
Say, I interviewed a swell guy the other day - Einstein. Swell guy, a little eccentric, but swell. Doesn't wear any garters. Neither do I as a matter of fact. What good are garters anyway?
I'm color blind. That's what's wrong - I'm color blind. I've been sitting here for a half hour looking at you and I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet.
I know those bluenoses. Their ancestors refused to come over on the Mayflower because they didn't want to rub elbows with the tourists. So they swam over.
I've met some rotters in my time, but without a doubt, you're the lowest excuse for a man I've ever had the misfortune to meet
Anne Schuyler's in the Blue Book - you're not even in the phone book. Think that one over, sucker.
Somebody once wrote Hell is the impossibility of Reason. That's what this place feels like. I hate it already and it's only been a week. Some goddamn week, grandma. the hardest thing I think I've ever done is to go on point, 3 times this week - I don't even know what I'm doing. A gook could be standing 3 feet in front of me and I wouldn't know it, I'm so tired. We get up at 5 a.m. hump all day, camp around 4 or 5 p.m. dig foxhole, eat, then put out an all-night ambush or a 3-man listening post in the jungle. It's scary cause nobody tells me how to do anything cause I'm new and nobody cares about the new guys, they don't even want to know your name. The unwritten rule is a new guy's life isn't worth as much cause he hasn't put his time in yet - and they say if you're gon na get killed in the Nam it's better to get it in the first few weeks, the logic being: you don't suffer that much. I can believe that. If you're lucky you get to stay in the perimeter at night and then you pull a 3-hour guard shift, so maybe you sleep 3-4 hours a night, but you don't really sleep. I don't think I can keep this up for a year, grandma - I think I've made a big mistake coming here.
Glad I ain't going with'em. Somewhere out dere man is de Beast and he hungry tonight. Man, what a bummer. Ten days and a wakeup and I'm still dealing wid this shit - fuckin'etcetera and ad infinitum man.
Excuses are like assholes, Taylor - everybody got one.
YOU IGNORANT ASSHOLE! - What the fuck coordinates you giving! You killed a bunch of people with that fucked up fire mission! You know that?. ah shit!
Y'all loved Elias, want to kick ass,I'se here - all by my lonesome, nobody gon na know. Five you boys'gainst me? Kill me.
Oh shit man I never thought I'd get hit, I was.
Death? What do you guys know about it?
Take a good look at this lumpo'shit. Rmember what it looks like, all of you. You fuck up in a firefight and I guaran-goddamn-tee you, a trip out of the bush - IN A BODYBAG. Out here, assholes, you keep your shit wired tight at ALL times. and that goes for you, shit for brains. You don't SLEEP ON NO FUCKIN'AMBUSH. Next sonofabitch I catch coppin'z's in the bush I'm personally gon na take an interest in seeing him suffer - I SHIT YOU NOT.
I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy, we fought ourselves - and the enemy was in us. The war is over for me now, but it will always be there - the rest of my days. As I am sure Elias will be - fighting with Barnes for what Rhah called possession of my soul. There are times since I have felt like the child born of those two fathers. but be that as it may, those of us who did make it have an obligation to build again, to teach to others what we know and to try with what's left of our lives to find a goodness and meaning to this life.
the village, which had stood for maybe a thousand years, didn't know we were coming that day. If they had they would have run. Barnes was at the eye of our rage - and through him, our Captain Ahab - we would set things right again. That day we loved him. Hey
There's the way it oughta be and there's the way it is.'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down. and I ain't gon na allow that. From none of you. Not one.
Yeah. I love this place at night. The stars. there's no right or wrong in them, they're just there.
Shut up! Shut up - and TAKE IT! TAKE THE PAIN!
Obviously certain'changes'have been happening. Up until now, things in Pleasantville have always been well.'Pleasant.'And, recently, certain things have become.'Un-Pleasant.'Now it seems to me the first thing we have to do is to separate out the things that are pleasant, from the things that are'Un-Pleasant.'
He-llo? I've got like three pounds of underwire here.
I've done the slut thing, David. It's really kinda old.
Well, I better get going. Your show's almost on, and. It's almost time for your date.
It was amazing, Daph. I'm like:'Well my Mom'll be out of town.'And he's like'Well then, maybe we could you know.'And I'm like'Yeah, sure.'And he's like'Well, cool.'I know, he's just so smart. I don't know. Maybe that black thing I just got. It is not slutty, Daph, it's cute. Well,'hello?'He's not coming over here to study. I know. Well I'm jealous of you too sometimes..
I'll be honest with you Bud. I'm getting sorta concerned about what I'm seeing in some of these re-runs.
He's not homeless Howard, they just don't say where he lives. Well it's a silly question. Because nobody's homeless in Pleasantville.. because
I could like kill a guy with these things.
Where am I going to see colors like that?
Speak into the microphone.
You know less than nothing. If you even knew that you knew nothing, at least that would be something, but you don't.
Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true. You project strength to avoid conflict.
Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
Reagan usually drives. Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance. When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish. And I mean vanish.
I know it's hard for you Johnny. You want me so bad it's like acid in your mouth. But not his time. Let's go.
Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant. I shoulda had you get me three a these. What T-Bird?
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
We gon na jump or jerk off?
He looks just like you.
Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think maybe some of them was in a long tunnel before. And in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was one that was inside of them and then -even long after they escaped that tunnel, they still be shining for everybody else. Thas Miz Rain to me.
.The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for.
The other day I cried, felt stupid. Guess what.Fuck that other day. Thas why God or whoever make new days. Still hungry tho.
Run! Get to the chopper!
It was all bullshit. All of it. From the start.you set us up, got us in here to do your dirty work.
You're ghostin'on me, mother fokaaa! .I don't care who you are back in the world. You give away our position again and I'll bleed you quiet and leave your fuckin'ass right here. Got it?
If it bleeds, we can kill it.
She says.the jungle came alive, and took him.
You should put her on a leash, Agent Man. If you can't handle her, just say the word.
When I was little we find a man, like a butcher. The old ones in the village cross themselves and whisper crazy things.'Demonio, cazador de trofoes.Only the hottest times of the hottest years.'Crazy things.This year is grows hot. And we begin finding our men. We find them sometimes without their skin. Sometimes.much, much worse. Cazador de trofoes.means the demon who takes trophies.
Man, that's a real bad habit you've got.
Come on in you fuckers.come on in.'ol'painless'is waitin'.
Nothing. The same thing. Not a fucking trace. No bodies, blood, anything.
What'll you try next, cheese?
I don't know what it was. It.
Fifty bucks, grampa. For seventy-five, the wife can watch.
Slippery little suckers.
Mother! Oh God, what. blood, blood. mother!
A son is a poor substitute for a lover.
.They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
We're always quickest to doubt people who have a record for being honest. I think she's here, Miss Crane. Where there's a boyfriend. She won't be back there among the nuts and bolts. but she'll be in this town. somewhere. I'll find her.
That's all right. maybe she could have fooled me. But. She didn't fool my mother.
I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women!
I'll lick the stamps.
As I said, the mother. To understand it, as I understood it hearing it from the mother. That is, from the mother-half of Norman's mind, you have to go back ten years. to the time when Norman murdered his mother and her lover. He was already dangerously disturbed, had been ever since his father died. His mother was a clinging, demanding woman. and for years the two of them lived as if there was no one else in the world. Then she met a man and it seemed to Norman she'threw him over'for this man. That pushed him over the thin line. and he killed them both. Matricide is probably the most unbearable crime of all. and most unbearable to the son who commit it. So he had to erase the crime, at least in his own mind. He stole her corpse. and a weighted coffin was buried. He hid the body in the fruit cellar, even'treated'it to keep it as well as it would keep. And that still wasn't enough. She was there, but she was a corpse. So he began to think and speak for her, gave her half his life, so to speak. At times he could be both personalities, carry on conversations. at other times, the mother-half took over completely. He was never all Norman, but he was often only mother. And because he was so pathologically jealous of her, he assumed she was as jealous of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong attraction to any other woman, the mother side of him would go wild. When Norman met your sister, he was touched by her. and aroused by her. He wanted her. And this set off his'jealous mother'and.'mother killed the girl.'After the murder, Norman returned as if from a deep sleep. and like a dutiful son, covered up all traces of the crime he was convinced his mother had committed.
We have twelve vacancies. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies. They moved away the highway.
I guess I've got one of those faces you can't help believing.
I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
Wan na know if we're armed? Were armed. He dumps this guy on his ass, his heavy shoe an ounce from crushing his larynx. Red's two Thompsons concealed on shoulder straps are out from under his coat. Frozen time. PhilD'Andrea sits on the corner of a table. Only he stays relaxed.
Were having too good a time today. We ain't worryin'about tomorrow yet.
Well, the man who killed Pretty Boy Floyd. He might have been'Pretty,''cause he sure was not'Whiz Kid Floyd.'Deputies stifle laughter. Dillinger comes up close to Purvis. They are eyeball to eyeball. Only the bars separate them.
I was raised on a farm in Mooresville, Indiana. My ma died when I was three. My daddy beat the hell out of me because he didn't know no better way to raise me. I used to do dumb things but I'm a lot smarter now. I like baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you. What else do you need to know? She gets into her coat. Dillinger opens the door for her. They exit, watched by May.
.and when my Johnny finds out how you slapped around his girl? You know what will happen to you, fatboy? She looks Reinecke square in the eye. Reinecke swings.
Now the night of the fight, you may fell a slight sting, that's pride fuckin'wit ya. Fuck pride! Pride only hurts, it never helps. Fight through that shit.'Cause a year from now, when you're kickin'it in the Caribbean you're gon na say,'Marsellus Wallace was right.'
I don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty fuckin'good.
That's how you're gon na beat'em, Butch. They keep underestimatin'ya.
Well, the way they pick the shows on TV is they make one show, and that show's called a pilot. And they show that one show to the people who pick the shows, and on the strength of that one show, they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get accepted and become TV programs, and some don't, and become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
Why the fuck didn't you tell us about that guy in the bathroom? Slip your mind? Forget he was in there with a goddamn hand cannon?
If you'll excuse me, I got ta go home and have a heart attack.
Shit Negro, that's all you had to say.
Uuummmm, that's a tasty burger. Vince, you ever try a Big Kahuna Burger?
There's a passage I got memorized, seems appropriate for this situation: Ezekiel 25:17.'The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.'
My name's Paul, and this is betweeny'all.
Hamburgers. The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kinda hamburgers?
Don't bring her here! I'm not even fuckin'joking with you, don't you be bringing some fucked up pooh-butt to my house!
My name's Pitt, and you ain't talkin'your ass outta this shit.
Sprite, good, mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down with?
Jules, if you give this nimrod fifteen hundred buck, I'm gon na shoot'em on general principle.
If you find my answers frightening, Vincent, you should cease askin'scary questions.
I'm prepared to scour the earth for this motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a cap in his ass.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I do believe Marsellus, my husband, your boss, told you to take me out and do whatever I wanted, Now, I want to dance. I want to win. I want that trophy.
and that's Mamie Van Doren. I don't see Jayne Mansfield, so it must be her night off. Pretty
Of all the fuckin'things she coulda forgot, she forgets my father's watch. I specifically reminded her not to forget it.'Bedside table on the kangaroo.'I said the words:'Don't forget my father's watch.'
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem.
You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny.
Lena I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you at the hospital. I called a phone sex line. I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry, and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.can you please let me redeem the mileage?
This really looks like Hawaii here.
.people are just crazy in this world, I think.
I'm gon na call you back.
Your lips would make a lollipop too happy.
God got Wendy's periods reversed. About every 28 days, she starts acting nice. Lasts about a weekend.
What are you retarded or something?! Why don't you look where you're going?
With all my black little heart.
Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Take this beast back to his cage.
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last.
Well, no wonder; I'm only flesh and blood. That's no match, is it? for the printed page.
That monstrous God of yours? He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
I love you, Madeleine, as a parishioner, as a child of God
Virgin birth, ha! An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
You can't be a proper writer without a touch of madness, can you?
Do you know how I define'idealism,'Monsieur Delben?
Don't tell me. You've come to read my trousers.
He's a writer, not a madman.
Are your convictions so fragile that mine can not stand in opposition to them? Is your God so flimsy? So weak? For shame!
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS! I ONLY RECORD IT!
Welcome to our humble madhouse, Doctor. I trust you'll find yourself at home.
Tell him I'm no fool. A prison's still a prison, even with Chinese silk and chandeliers.
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when it's lubricated.
Don't come any closer, Abbe. God's watching.
If I wasn't such a bad woman on the page, Abbe, I'll hazard I couldn't be such a good woman in life.
Some things belong on paper, others in life. It's a blessed fool who can't tell the difference.
Your terrible secret, revealed. You're a man, after all.
You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator.
My glorious prose, filtered through the minds of the insane? Who knows? They might improve it.
I've stared into the face of evil.and I've lived to tell the tale. Now. for your own sake. let me write it down.
You're tense, darling. You could use a long, slow screw.
Some men are past redemption.
If you can't cure him, truly cure him, then, at least, I beg you, harness the beast that rages in his soul.
If you want to martyr yourself, Abbe, do it for God. Not a chambermaid. Now put your clothes back on.
It's a potent aphrodisiac, isn't it? Power over another man.
You young people should all go fuck yourselves.
I'll suck your eyes out! I'll fuckin'take the two of you.
I tried to stand up and fly straight, but it wasn't easy with that sumbitch Reagan in the White House.
.Awful good cereal flakes, Miz McDunnough.
And here you are sittin'around on your butt playin'house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I. with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
Gim me that baby, you warthog from hell!
Anyone found bipedal in five wears his ass for a hat.
.But biology and the prejudices of others conspired to keep us childless.
'Welcome. Home. Son.'Where's he been?
Son, you got a panty on your head.
You wan na know what I think? I think you're an evil man. I think this is nothin'but a goddamn screw job. I think it's a shakedown. I think you're the one took Nathan Jr. and my fine friend, I think you're the one gon na get his butt kicked.
Well Nathan Jr. accepts me for what I am and I think you better had, too. You know, honey, I'm okay you're okay? That - there's what it is.
Honey, like you to meet Gale and Evelle Snopes, fine a pair as ever broke and entered.
.Sometimes it's a hard world for little things.
Damnit, are you boys gon na go chase down your leads or are you gon na sit drinkin'coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?!
I'm walkin'in here on my knees, Ed - a free man proposin'.
Name of Leonard Smalls. My friends call me Lenny.
I know you're partial to convenience stores but, H.I. the sun don't rise and set on the corner grocery.
Gotcha on a awful short leash, don't she H.I?
Well now H.I. looks like you been up to the devil's bidnis!
Eight hundred leaf tables and no chairs?! You can't sell leaf tables and no chairs! Chairs, you got a dinette set! No chairs, you got dick! I ask my wife she got more sense!.
Come on Hi. you're young, you got your health - what do you want with a job?
Gummint do take a bite, don't she?
We need someone handy with a scatter- gun to cover the hayseeds while we get the cash.
.That Buford's a sly one. Already knows his ABCs. But I'm sayin', how'd ya get the kid?
Hear about the person of the Polish persuasion he walks into a bar holdin'a pile of shit in his hands, says'Look what I almost stepped in.'
Mind ya don't cutchaseff, Mordecai.
You wetchaself! Mr. McDunnough wet hisseff, Daddy!
Rose isn't dead, son. Not really. Some of us die, but some of us don't. Rose lives. As long as some little girl somewhere gets herself up and goes out, Rose lives.
. Like you said, he went home.
Prepare for emergency landing. Arriving with American P.O.W.'s! Over?
Sir. Do we get to win this time?
That was a launch problem, not a design problem. Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
Moles and trolls. Work, work, work, work. I plan this for weeks. I go to a lot of trouble and all they want to do is study. I'm hurt. I know that's it's not like me but I'm sorry. I'm starting to get discouraged, people. We had nobody at the mutant hamster races, one entry in the Madame Curie look-alike contest, and he was disqualified later. Why do I even bother?
Let me put this another way. Given the type of people you are and the environment you're in, you guys have to admit the strong probability that this may be the only chance you'll ever get in your entire lives to have sex.
Welcome to Pacific Tech's'Smart People On Ice.'
Oh, this. Sorry, I was worried that people would think I was stuffy, You know, no fun; all brain, no penis,
You wanted to see me, your joggingness?
Is it okay if I name my first child after you? Dipshit Kinsley has a nice ring to it.
The Crossbow Project. There's no defense like a good offense.
I guess it goes from God to Jerry to you to the cleaners, right Kent?
I never sleep. I don't know why. It drove my roommate nuts. I mean really nuts, they had to take her away in an ambulance and everything, she's okay now thought but she had to be transfer to an easier school but I don't know if that part has anything to do with being my fault, but still, anyway, if you ever want any help studying at night or just let me know, okay,'cause I'm just a couple of doors down from you guys and I'm usually up and I wouldn't mind, okay?
I can just hear you now.'Get out of here you perfect, wonderful woman! You're too good for me!'
I'm not much on rear window ethics.
When I married Myles, we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
You haven't spent much time in cemeteries, have you? Mr. Thorwald could hardly put his wife into a plot of ground scarcely one foot square.
You've got a lot to lean about homicide, Jeff. Morons have committed murder so shrewdly that it took a hundred trained police minds to catch them. That salesman wouldn't just knock off his wife after dinner, toss her in a trunk and put her in storage.
You and me with long faces, plunged into despair, because we find out that a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.
Mind if I use the portable keyhole?
Intelligence! Nothing has caused the human race more trouble. Modern marriage!
Why would Thorwald want to kill a dog? Because it knew too much?
If there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
But I've got the bullets! The gun was empty!
I don't want trouble.
Like even today. I woke up this morning, you know? And the sun was shining and everything was nice. Then the first thing that happens is I see you and I thought this is going to be one terrific day so you better live it up, boy,'cause tomorrow maybe you'll be nothing.
You're tearing me apart!
Do you know why you shot those puppies, John? Is that what they call you or do you have a nickname?
Boy if I had one day when I didn't have to be all confused and ashamed of everything or I felt I belonged some place.
I don't know what to do. All of a sudden she's a problem.
They saw where I jumped! I didn't chicken! What do I have to do kill myself?
They think I'll make friends if we move. Just move and everything'll be roses and sunshine.
I mean if he had the guts to knock Mom cold once I bet she'd be happy and I bet she'd stop picking. They make mush out of him. Just mush. One thing I know is I never want to be like him.
What does he know about Man alone?
Hey. They got a shitload of cookies.
Ever since you started night school, you been givin, me headaches, Jumpy. Headaches. Go see what's taking him.
I had better sex in prison.
'T is the season, convict.
I've read where the retail industry does fifty percent of its business between December 1st and December 25th. Half the year's business, in one month's time. It seems to me an intelligent society would legislate a second such gift-giving holiday, create, say, a Christmas Two, late May, early June, to further stimulate growth and prosperity. For who would protest such a holiday? Taking the fifty percent model, a Christmas Two would grow this country's annual per capita income by close to one-third.
I've read your letters, motherfucker. Don't play no reindeer games with me.
Seriously. They like this freaky poetic crap. I ran into Megan yesterday. She's bartending at Don Hill's tonight. She wants us to stop by. She practically begged me.
Never. Your middle name is Keats? Your parents are pretentious as hell.
T, What happened in the kitchen? It looks like somebody's water broke. Hi.
Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it.
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it because.
I don't know what that means.I've seen him look at one other girl the way he looks at you. She's a lot shorter and shares his DNA.
Ordinary people I hate'em.
Hey buddy! How you doing? Huh? Hey don't you remember me? I was here yesterday. Heh. Listen I think I left a book of matches over in your office over there. You want to go and check for me huh?
Good evening Otto. This is agent Rogersz. I'm going to ask you a few questions. And since time is short and you may lie, I'm going to have to torture you. But I want you to know it isn't personal.
Tense situations kid. Get into five or six of them a day and it don't mean shit anymore. I mean I seen men stabbed and it didn't mean shit. I've seen guns. Guns too they don't mean shit but that's when you got to watch your self. Here I'll handle it pal. Uh settle down.
Repo man's always intense. Come on let's go get a drink.
Hey, I know you. You're the one that run into my trash.
If you say our names we'll have to kill all these people Archie.
Have a nice day. Or night. Night, day, it doesn't mean shit.
You find one in every car. You'll see.
Put your seat belt on boy! I don't ride with anybody unless they wear their seatbelt. It's one of my rules.
Don't care how long it takes, dildos. Repo man's got all night every night.
You repo men, you guys are all out to fuckin lunch. Let's get out of here.
It happens sometimes. People just explode. Natural causes.
Are you going to give me my car or do I got to go to your house and shove your dog's head down the toilet.
Never broke into a car. Never hot-wired a car. Kid. I never broke into a trunk. I shall not cause harm to any vehicle nor the personal contents thereof. Nor through inaction let that vehicle or the personal contents thereof come to harm. That's what I call the repo code kid. Don't forget it etch it in your brain. Not many people got a code to live by anymore.
Beautiful evening. You can almost see the stars.
Best goddamn car on the lot.
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me. You know what I mean?
God damn dipshit Rodriguez gypsy dildo punks. I'll get your ass!
Did you ever feel as if your mind had started to erode?
That's some weird fucking shit Eh Bud? What's going on man?
I might break you, Nice Guy, but I'd make you my dog's bitch. You'd be suckin the dick and going down on a mangy T-bone hound.
Okay ramblers, let's get to rambling. Wait a minute, who didn't throw in?
Blonde, shoot this piece of shit, will ya?
Do you know what this is? It's the world's smallest violin, playing just for the waitresses.
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
Stop pointing your fuckin gun at daddy!
Well, he's either dead or he's alive or the cops got him or they don't.
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy, walks into jail a white man, walks out talkin like a nigger. It's all that black semen been shootin up his butt. It's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
You kids don't play so rough. Somebody's gon na start crying.
That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either. What the fuck was Joe thinkin? You can't work with a guy like that. That mother- fucker's unstable. What do you think? Do you think he panicked, or ya think he's just trigger- happy?
