You gon na do something or just Stand there and bleed?
Ninja warriors have calm. Find your balance, Rick.
Because it's part of the facts. White folks only want to hear the good shit: life eternal, a place in God's kingdom. As soon as they hear they're getting all this from a black Jesus, they freak. And that - my friends - is called Hypocrisy. Folks just can't accept a black Savior. You going to eat that hash brown?
Every faction in Africa calls themselves by these noble names - `` liberation-this'', `` patriotic-that'', `` democratic-republic-of- something or other''. I guess they can't own up to what they usually are - `` federation- of-worse-oppressors-than-the last-bunch-of- oppressors''. Often the most barbaric atrocities occur when both combatants proclaim themselves `` freedom fighters''.
I'm gon na fill up the tank and grab a cup of coffee. Don't make a peep ... especially you ... Barbara.
Can you believe it? I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
No drinking. No cervezas in the casa. No chicas in the bedroom.
Your mother would've wanted you to have it.
Don't do it, Shel. You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails. These guys are the roughest of all the charities.
Congratulations, monkey. You just bought yourself a fighting chance.
I will not be a toy of the fates! Have I not faced an assassin's bullet and lived?
She'll not be back. I reckon I'd be safe in promising you that.
Best goddamn car on the lot.
... to life in prison, just for skimmin'a casino ... sick or no fuckin'sick, you knew people were gon na get clipped. So, the day of the arraignment, they had this meeting right in the back of the court-house.
You're gon na pay, fucker.
Keep ripping gentlemen. This is a battle, a war. And the casualties could be your hearts and souls.
I don't want you to get drunk, but that's a very fine Chardonnay you're not drinking.
Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he got ta face some facts, and one fact I got ta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wan na get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wan na call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wan na go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug. I got feelings, you know. I had enough pain. No, thank you.
Suck my dick, every one of you bastards ...
The last modern thing I liked was the miniskirt. Your technology, now, nobody understands it, and that's the simple fact of the situation.
I See you Brother, and thank you. Your spirit goes with Eywa, your body stays behind to become part of the People.
Look, the other day I saw a commercial on television, some kid playing with a couple of puppies. I cried for 45 minutes. Slap a pair of tits on me, I'm a woman!
A very wise man once said ... I think it was Attila the Hun ... `` It's not enough that I succeed. Everyone else must fail.'' And you are going to do it for me.
So I'm dead ...
Then ... something happened. I was lost in oblivion -- dark and silent and complete.
-- you know what it's like being the only kid in show and tell who got to talk about visiting day?
If any form of pleasure is exhibited Report to me and it will be prohibited. I'll put my foot down; So shall it be - This is the land of the free. The last man nearly ruined this place He didn't know what to do with it. If you think this country's bad off now Just wait'till I get through with it. The treasury is low on dough; The last man went and flew with it. If you think we're short of money now Just wait'till I get through with it. The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait'till I get through with it.
I feel like I'm Han Solo, and you're Chewie, and she's Ben Kenobi, and we're in that fucked up bar. What about sex?
Then if you don't mind ... I'm gon na pass out.
You got ta want it bad,'cause it's gon na put up a fight. It's gon na say, `` You want free speech? Let's see you acknowledge a man whose words make your blood boil, who's standing center stage and advocating, at the top of his lungs, that which you would spend a lifetime opposing at the top of yours. You want to claim this land as the land of the free, then the symbol of your country can't just be a flag; the symbol also has to be one of its citizens exercising his right to burn that flag in protest.'' Show me that, defend that, celebrate that in your classrooms. Then you can stand up and sing about the land of the free. I've known Bob Rumson for years. I've been operating under the assumption that the reason Bob devotes so much time and energy to shouting at the rain was that he simply didn't get it. Well, I was wrong.
See that glow flashing in the corner of your eye? That's your career dissipation light. And it just went into high gear.
Insane asylums are filled with people who think they're Jesus or Satan. Very few have delusions of being the guy down the block who works at an insurance company. Wonder what that means.
Define `` disappeared''. The Ensign just looks uncomfortable.
Marvelous! `` At twoo'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied:'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.''' Beautiful! What happened after that?
Extra cheese is two dollars.Y'know dat.
Tsch, I know. A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know? It has to constantly move forward or it dies. And I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark.
Somebody tell a joke!
Don't kid yourself, Earl, you're going to kill again.
Never. Your middle name is Keats? Your parents are pretentious as hell.
Stop kidnapping my girlfriend!
Nice building ... Bad paint. Good lines ... bad roof. Good parking ... hmmm???
You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin'up your foam rubber ass! I'm going on safari, motherfucker ... safari!
What are you starin'at, you bald- headed Jew prick?!
You are kind to indulge your elders in their vices. As I indulge the young in theirs.
Kazan get out to the door!
Our < u > mission < /u >! Goddam it, Spock, you're talking about the end of every life on Earth! You're half human, haven't you got any goddamned feelings about < u > that < /u >!!
I wan na kill the friggin'moron who broke the mirror.
If you wanted a toothbrush, I wouldn't ask questions. I'd just quote a price. A toothbrush, see, is a non-lethal sort of object.
You shouldn't be callin'people ugly little shrimps. Oscar. Unless you're referrin; to the family resemblance in your brother here.
Me, Grimlock, not `` nice Dino!'' Me bash brains!
I'd spell it out for you -- only I can't spell.
Because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes. If it's a strange place.
You rest easy son ... you'll keep you're foot. As God is my judge, you'll keep it.
I can't do this. If there is a War on Drugs then our own families have become the enemy. How can you wage war on your own family?
HELLO? Can you hear me in the back? P.C.
All you need is love. John Lennon. Smart man. Shot in the back, very sad.
Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters. Farewell.
Here. Let me put these in some rubbing alcohol.
That's the thing about the truth. It'll set you free, but first it can really piss you off.
My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood. This is my street. This ... is my life. I'm forty-two years old. In less than a year, I'll be dead.
Science Fiction - double-feature Dr X will build a creature See Androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh - at the late night, double-feature Picture Show.
You know, Trent, I want to kill you so bad I can barely contain myself. But I keep thinking that death is far too merciful a fate for you, and that a nice petite white-bread boy like you in a federal penitentiary ... -- let me put it this way -- I doubt whether you could remain anal retentive for very long. Yeah ... I think that's best for you --
Bazooko Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich.
Needy, I care about you. A lot. As a person, not just a girl I made love to for four minutes the other night. And I'm scared of what's happening to you. You're acting really fucked up.
Undo your dress. This part, I want to see your arms.
Keep breathing! Thats the key! Breathe! Ho!
The man went through solid matter, for crying out loud. Who knows what it did to his brain ... maybe scrambled his molecules. All I'm saying is, let's not panic here! I'm sure there's a rational explanation ...
When I was your age, they would say, we become cops or criminals. Today, what I'm saying to you is this: When you are facing a loaded gun ...
My home lies deep in the forest near the roots of the mountain. I told Gandalf I would keep you safe and safe is where Ill keep you. The trees have grown wild and dangerous. Anger festers in their hearts. They will harm you if they can. There are too few of us now. Too few of us Ents left to manage them.
I could live here.
Mmm, what. I know better than to argue romance with a French woman.
Do you want to know what my platform is? Here it is: I'm going to soak the fat boys and I'm going to spread it thin.
Miss Winston, everyone has their secret faces ...
Doris is the soul of this band! That bus has been our home since we were the Jeff Bebe Band.
Well, I'm hardly the last single girl.
You know, Carl. These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories. A `` Surveyor'' making a map.
It can't rain all the time.
When you're married forty years, you know all that don't amount to a hill o'beans! I been married to my Walt that long, and I'd swear in all that time I'd just lie there thinking about my canning.
Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
What'a you looking at, you limp noodle? You wan na kiss my ass or suck my dick?
The color guard is colored!
And yet, in the midst of our sorrow it should be noted that this death takes place in the shadow of new life, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave his own life to protect and nourish. He did not feel that sacrifice a vain or empty one -- and we will not debate his profound wisdom, in these proceedings. Of my friend, I can only say this, that of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most -- -- human.
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
I don'tnorm'lly need two shots, Riley.
Give me a bottle of milk and a packet of Oblivion. Oh, it's a plot, I see it now, it's all a plot.
You know, this reminds me of the time we were talking about something and then just started kissing ...
Well, I'll be a blue-nosed gopher.
YOU MAY CALL US THE GOODY GOODY TWO SHOES BUT WE'RE HERE TO CHEER YOU WITH THE GOOD NEWS THAT D-E-N-T-O-N GETS T-E-N THAT'S TEN OUT OF TEN
Round up the usual suspects.
I never thought Jack was ready for the presidency. But I would never, never consider ... His death was awful, an awful thing for this country. Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms?
But, they're dirty. They're sweet. If I could only get my hands on some money, someone could just tell me the answer. I got ta do. But If I ever do, I end up thinking about it instead. I got ta do. But do what? pushes the blackberry he's about to What ...? What was that for?
Well, you look about like the kind of an angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings?
J.M. Inc. Be all that someone else can be.
Don't bother to scream.
You weren't listening! You're not paying attention to me! There's no such thing as too far! Push everything as far as you can! Push it until it starts pushing back and then push some goddamn more! Remember that when you're with this guy today!
Can I use the facilities first? Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
Do you feel like a man? Because I'll tell you a secret.
I want your blood and I want you Souls and I want them both right now.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept anything he attempts to hold out to you. Do you understand me?
They're always winning. Until they lose.
See the aluminum stuff? Firewall. Guy designed it so he could turn the place into an incinerator. Leaves the rest of the building untouched.
I want to build something, make things grow. That takes hard work -- a lifetime of it. That's not why men come to a pretty woman.
The uniform is what does it for me. I wish I'd have went with more Catholic school girls when I was a kid. As it stands. I have no `` ... and then she unzipped her jumper ...'' stories.
If you say our names we'll have to kill all these people Archie.
Jesus!would'ya look at the size of that whammer!
All you got ta do is pull on the trigger, mister.
She didn't leave me ... she just left me behind.
A shovel just makes too goddamn much racket.
I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.D'you understand that?
I sense something ... a presence I haven't felt since ...
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes aboutever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
Bumpy sleigh ride, Jack? The next time you get the urge to take over someone else's holiday, I'd listen to her! She's the only one who makes any sense around this insane asylum! Skeletons ....
Hello Paul. You are a perfectly healthy, sane, middle-class male. Yet last month, you ran a straight razor across your wrists. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die, or did you just want some attention? Tonight, youll show me. The irony is that if you want to die, you just have to stay where you are. But if you want to live, youll have to cut yourself again. shot of Paul waking up in the cage, looking around, scared and confused. The shots go back and forth between the detectives and the Paul flashback, with him grabbing and shaking the razor wire, screaming. His screams sound distant Find the path through the razor wire to the door. But hurry. At 3:00 that door will lock and then this room becomes your tomb. How much blood will you shed to stay alive, Paul?
Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a pineapple up Hitler's ass at fouro'clock.
I'm sorry. I don't practice any more. I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
Happy birthday, Euclid.
I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
Not so! I requite to shadow's solace and dark of the night .... Sunshine is my destroyer!
The Durango-95 purred away real horrorshow - a nice, warm vibraty feeling all through your guttiwuts. Soon it was trees and dark, my brothers, with real country dark. We fillied around for a while with other travelers of the night, playing hogs of the road. Then we headed west, what we were after now was the old surprise visit, that was a real kick and good for laughs and lashing of the ultra-violent.
You know, I don't get out to the movies much. But I'd have to say Bluntman and Chronic was Blunt-tastic!
They're kissing again, do we have to hear the kissing part?
What the hell are you doing in my Dad's coffin? Frank starts grabbing at Edward's body screaming.
Harvey, look at me and focus. We are going to get through this. I understand illness. I know how to handle these things.
Me too. I got a stomach full of Xanax. I took what was left of a bottle. Might've been too much.
While I was tryin'to figure out why the guy was sayin'what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin'back and back until one of you is dead.
The best thing about being a dentist. Pure pharmaceutical grade. A couple of lines of this, I can drill my own teeth ... Hi.
There is now a level zero.
Big John! You think this boy is a hustler?
If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass. But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt.
As a man, you distrust me - perhaps you believe me as a physician.
Hey Peter man! Check out channel nine! It's a breast exam! Whoo!!
I'm still here, Chief.
Out of the bar and into the streets! Anita Bryant is coming after you!
I don't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone. Is that understood?
You know ... I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and, uh ... if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin'head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin'out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin'out of your coma. And guess what? I'll split your fuckin'head open again. Because I'm fuckin'stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail. That's my business. That's what I do. And we know what you do, don't we, Charlie? You fuck people out of money and get away with it.
They don't wash cars on the parking levels.
If we're going to Virginia, why don't we drop by Fort Knox? I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA.
This simple feeling ... ... is so far beyondV'ger's comprehension.
You're telling me Tell-A-Son boy is a genius.
All babies want to get borned! All babies want to get borned!
I'm thinking of earlier times ...
To infinity and beyond!!
Yeah, well, I'm from Buenos Aires, and I saykill'em all!
Anytime you think I'm being to tough, anytime you think I'm being unfair ... QUIT! Grab your gear and take a stroll down `` Washout Lane''. Get me?
Release me fast or you will have to Answer for this heinous act
If this is a crush ... then I don't know if I could take the real thing if it ever happens.
Your lies are old, but you tell'em well.
With my prospects few, I took a job as a travelling salesman. It suited me. If there's one thing you can say about Edward Bloom, it's that I am a social person.
I don't know how you survived, slave.
They've changed their bearing. Air Force One. Air Force One.
I know why it's raining. I coulda predicted this. It's raining because my wipers are fucked up. If my wipers were okay, the fucking sun would be shining right now. At night!
I like this ship. It's exciting.
Oh, you should try talking to it. They can apparently hear speech in there, even though it sounds all ten thousands leagues under the sea.
Cameron's never been in love. At least no one's ever been in love with him. He's gon na marry the first girl he lays. And she's gon na treat him like shit because he's gon na kiss her ass for giving him what he's built-up in his mind as the end-all, be-all of human existance. She won't respect him because you can't respect someone who kisses your ass. It just doesn't work.
Don't stand in the way of my actualization as a man, Craig.
Does that mean saying his name fifty times more a day than I say my own? Does it mean worrying about him and his needs before me and mine? Is it all about the other person? Is that love?
I know -- I know -- when a man's collar is an inch too big for him -- I know he is ill.
I've had to put myself in the way of people's kindness.
A man ... a statesman ... is to be killed ... assassinated ... in London ... soon ... very soon ... tell them ... in London ... to try Ambrose Chappell ...
You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones.
Very good. The last mass trials were a great success. There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
Well that's your perception... Well you're right, Walter, and the unspoken Message is FUCK YOU AND LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE... Yeah, I'll be at practice.
Hi. I'm sorry. Technically I didn't kill Heather Chandler but hey, who am I trying to kid, right? I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen. Did that sound bitchy?
What do you know of my heart? What do you know of anything but your own suffering? For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
I got you nectarines because the peaches are hard as rocks.
Part, fools! You know not what you do!
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
I know now why you cry. But it is something I can never do. Goodbye.
Target the Reavers! Target the Reavers! Target everyone! Somebody FIRE!
I don't read no papers and I don't listen to radios either. I know the world's been shaved by a drunken barber and I don't have to read it.
What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same.
Mabel, that guy's either the dumbest, the stupidest, the most imbecilic idiot in the world - or he's the grandest thing alive. I can't make him out.
Enjoying it then, my darling? ... A bit cold and pointless isn't it, my lovely ... What's happened to yours, my little sister? Marty giggles.
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
In May 1900, Fidel Castro -- in an effort to normalize relations with the Carter Administration -- opened the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy- two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. In the next few weeks, it became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives but the dregs of his jail population. 3y the time the port was closed 125,000'Marielitos'had landed in Florida. An estimated 25,000 had criminal records. This is the story of that minority -- those they call'Los Bandidos.'
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died. We were all buried there. Buried under the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you. I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home. When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there. Do you understand?
You can fight a lot of enemies and survive but if you fight your biology you always lose.
A finger? Come on. I've had my finger in my ass but I wouldn't say I've had anal sex.
You can check in, but you can't check out!
Good guess, fuckbag. Remember me now? We had a great chat once when I was seven.
Yo -- I hope one of'em rips the other one's shirt off and we see some tit.
-- I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
Jay tells us you're going to sleep with him.
You won't. You take care of me, Simon. You've always taken care of me. She stands as the emergency lights come on, giving her face an unearthly glow as she looks down at him.
You know, you and Herman deserve each other. You're little children. Let me show you to the door.
I hate to say this, but this place is getting to me. I think I'm getting The Fear.
You, on the other hand ... I got ta bike myself. Maybe we can go for a ride sometime? Or maybe I can just ride you.
Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
Well, why not? Say I earned my share! Same as everybody. I coulda got killed same as everybody, and I'm wanted by the law same as everybody. Besides I coulda got snake bit sleepin'in them woods every night! I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth. And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time. I deserve mine!
Uh, dad, you can let go now.
Yes ... No ... I don't, know.
I knew that loose was too noose! I mean, noose too loose! Goddamn you!
All the towns in America, I had to move to the Bermuda triangle.
What am I going to do with forty subscriptions to Vibe?
Digital camera: $ 254. Memory stick: $ 59. The look on your hard-ass former CO's grill when he finds out he's your junior officer: priceless.
... It was only a couple of weeks after we met that Doris suggested getting married. I said, Don't you wan na get to know me more? She said, Why, does it get better? She looked at me like I was a dope, which I've never really minded from her. And she had a point, I guess. We knew each other as well then as now ...
Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
Don't let'em in your mouths!
Beth, look out! There's someone in the room! He's right behind you!
I appreciate you going to all this trouble over my corn bread. I don't get a lot of compliments in my line of work.
So you wan na play hunh, say hello to my little friend here.
I can not see his color.
So you live in Milwaukee?
But if anybody else wants to come with me, this moment will be the ground floor of something real and fun and inspiring and true in this godforsaken business and we will do it together! Who's coming with me besides ... `` Flipper'' here?
After livin in the dark for so long a glimspe of the light can make you giddy. Strange thought come into your head and you'd better think'em. Has a special fate been callin'you and you not listenin? Is there a secret message right in front you, and you're not reading it? Is this your last, best chance? Are you gon na take it? Or are you goin'to the grave with unlived lives in your vains?
`` I will liberate those not liberated.'' I will release those not released. I will relieve those not relieved. May I deliver them to the state of enlightenment.''
There was never any physical evidence that I had anything to do with that .. that .. With that exceptional piece of work.
Hello there, Mr. Neff.
But the most we can hope for is to get ya buried in secrecy so yer grave don't get violated! Plead guilty!
Rumble! Frenzy! Ravage! Ratbat! Eject! Operation: interference.
All Combat takes place at night, in the Rain, and at the Junction of four Map Segments ...
Why do they always run?
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis'girlfriend.
Anne ...! I know ... I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you ... is treason against my heart.
He's very popular, Ed. Sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, pinheads, dweebies, wonkers, richies, they all adore him.
All right. As the poets have mournfully sung, Death takes the innocent young, The screamingly funny, The rolling in money, And those who are very well hung.
The neanderthal behind them is Jarko Grimwood.
LOOK AT THE GOD DAMN BIRDS!!!
I can see the Statue of Liberty already. Very small ... of course.
I don't think I can do this.
Snug, I'm calling in a solid you owe me.
Rorschach's Journal, October 19th. Someone tried to kill Adrian Veidt. Proves mask killer theory -- the murderer is closing in. Pyramid Industries is the key. Rorschach approaches a TRASH CAN. He rummages through it and finds an ENVELOPE. He opens it and finds a NOTE that reads: `` Tonight 11:30, M.'' Checked
Damn it, Jim, what the hell's the matter? Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral?
Hey, that's Ben Grimm there, the first mook from Brooklyn to go to outer space, so pay him some respect!
You must watch dear. It'll all be over soon.
Optimus Prime ... Do you read me? The Decepticons are blitzing Autobot City. We're really takin'a pounding. Don't know how much longer we can hold out.
No, I'm sorry, the penthouse is currently under construction.
Nothing personal, babe.
If you were a dork, you should say you're sorry. Girls like that.
Canadian pussy is mighty cold!
I have a really bad feeling about this.
Sorry, the wind caught it.
It's just YOU and me now, sport. And I'd better hurry up and find you. Because I'm losing all this ...
I learn so much from these magazines, Mr Deng. I refuse to discriminate between modes of knowing.
It's a funny thing about coming home. Smells the same. Looks the same. Feels the same.
Power, Mr. Chairman, is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
Keep away! The sow is mine!
Oh, I don't care how rich he is -- as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Prime, you said the Matrix would light our darkest hour.
Fuck it. Let's go to court.
In one hour I want to know what she eats, where she sleeps, the name of her gynecologist. < u > Everything < /u >.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.
Normally I don't meet people, unless I know them already.
I feel clean now! My whole body's just a-quivering with cleanness!
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
If you can't cure him -- truly cure him -- then -- at least -- I beg you -- harness the beast that rages in his soul.
open your eyes.
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason for him to take two in the chest. Still, the fact remains that I'm the one who took you up into the Chancellor's bedroom. I'm the one who has to take the blame. I- don't know what the hell I was thinking.
Go ahead and run. Run home and cry to mama. I'm through runnin'. I stay we stay and fight.
Why are there people like Frank. Why is there so much trouble in this world.? I
Actually, less than two minutes. I was a rookie third round pick in'93. We were playing Atlanta in the home opener. Near the end of the first quarter, they sent me in, I took a screen pass over the middle and got hit by both linebackers. Simultaneously. One a
Stick your cock up her ass! You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker!
Hi, this is Paul. I've been called away to London for a few days. Meredith, I'll call you when I get back. Hasta la vista, baby.
... It's Christmas ... and the fucking kid is getting his present.
The Godfather is the I Ching. The Godfather is the sum of all wisdom. The Godfather is the answer to any question. What should I pack for my summer vacation? `` Leave the gun, take the cannoli.'' What day of the week is it? `` Maunday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday.'' And the answer to your question is `` Go to the mattresses.''
Football season's over, Veronica. Kurt and Ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and A.I.D.S. jokes.
She sprung it on me, just. That's a hell of a thing to spring on a guy. I don't remember much. Laura talked me down after, said whatever, she knew her, said it wasn't true, but I still think sometimes. I think bout it being true. Bout it being mine. And maybe I did it cause I thought it was true. A hell of a thing.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid ... with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men ...
`` Groupies'' sleep with rock stars because they want to be near someone famous. We are here because of the music. We are Band Aids.
If a guy fuckin'tripped over a fuckin'banana peel, they'd bring me in for it.
Don't you love New York in the fall?
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties?
I despise a flogging rooster. Where is he?
Did you ever see what a .44 can do to a woman's face, cabbie? Did you ever see what it can do to a woman's pussy, cabbie?
You shouldn't smoke these.
It's all so hot -- three days in.
Do you do bunny rabbits?
You mean because you thought I was cocky Im now on a permanent acid trip?!!
Sorry I'm late boys. I was takin'a crap.
You know -- it's not every day you find a girl who'll flash her tits to get you out of detention.
You've got ta respect that kind of display of affection. It's crazy, rude, self-absorbed - but it's love.
Do you know why the number 200 is so vitally descriptive of both of'us, Otis? It represents your weight - and my I.Q. Think, people, think! Deductive reasoning, that's the name of the game!
That I made you doubt it, that I withheld it ... that's the greatest mistake of a life full of mistakes. But the truth doesn't set us free, Robin. I can say it as many times as you can stand to hear it. And all that does, the only thing, is remind us that love isn't enough. Not even close.
God will forgive me, the time of transformation is so near.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two. I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is.
Rephrase. Mrs. Rexroth, have you ever been in love?
This is U.S. History, right? I saw the globe in the window.
The things you own, they end up owning you.
A brief lesson in survival on this world or any other. Never trust anyone. Remember it into your old age, should you have one. Now move!
So don't give me any of that sentient life crap. Find me something I can blow up.
Well now, Launcelot, Galahad, and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the French by surprise, not only by surprise but totally unarmed!
You're on camera, Mr. President.
We were eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked.
I don't understand. Track 2's Chile?
The little things. There's nothing bigger, is there?
Come to Daddy. I only want to touch ...
I'll paraphrase Thoreau -- `` Rather than love, than money, than fairness, give me truth.''
We cared about Hartlepools and Derby. We're from the North, Pete. What do we care about Brighton? Bloody Southerners. Look where we are. We're almost in France.
But the only problem with an honest buck is they're so hard to make. The margins are too low. Too many people are doing it.
Sex?! He's a MAN! We WRESTLED!
Owen has mistaken me for this dickhead Marcus Halberstam. It seems logical because Marcus also works at P & P and in fact does the same exact thing I do and he also has a penchant for Valentino suits and Oliver Peoples glasses. Marcus and I even go to the same barber, although I have a slightly better haircut.
What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
I see you managed to get your shirt off.
This is all I have in cash. Please don't drink it here.
Guys ... Anne Kronenberg. She's a woman ... A woman who likes women. Odd, isn't it?
Never missed a plane yet.
Lieutenant Dan, I got you some ice cream. Lieutenant Dan, ice cream.
Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out - hey, that rhymes - blew Beaumont's brains out.
There are some men, once they get a whiff of it, they'll trail you like a hound.
Three of them -- all in their pajamas!C'est ridicule! What is it, some new American fad?
'Fucker gets more pussy than a toilet seat.
Thank God ... I mean ... get him!
Caused the'77 New York blackout. Practical joke by the Great Attractor. He thought it was funny as hell.
For what? You're nine hours behind the toughest target you've ever tracked. I want everyone to sit down, strap in, and turn on all you've got. That would mean now.
Some ideals are worth dying for, aren't they, Jean Luc?
Maria, you are incorrigible.
No. Dreams come to an end. Nightmares are forever.
I think there's only a couple of guys up there and this asshole's one of them.
I've been training since I was twelve. Knives. Guns. Throwing stars. You name it ... I can fight with it. I'm a hard worker and a fast learner. Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die.
Oh, Caden. I wish we had this when we were young. And all the years in between. So many years, so fast.
Conrad? Let's have a great Christmas! Okay? Let's have ... a great year. Let's have the best year of our whole lives, OK? We can, you know. This could be the best year ever.
It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back?
There is no charge for awesomeness, or attractiveness.
You're lucky, I'm lucky, we're all lucky.
Naturally I get taken home first. Well, obviously he prefers April. Of course I was so tongue-tied all night. I can't believe I said that about the Guggenheim. My stupid little roller-skating joke. I should never tell jokes. Mom can tell'em and Hannah, but I kill'em. Where did April come up with that stuff about Adolph Loos and terms like `` organic form''? Well, naturally. She went to Brandeis.
I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
I'm going to work out.
Ouch. Could he be cuter? I don't think so.
This guy doing the flying has no airline experience at all. He'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air ... ... Yes, birds too.
-- well shit, we oughtta be tense -- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House -- -- it would be nice if we were right --
Gort --! Klaatu -- barada -- nikto.
Since when do they let them wander around?
You and I share the same DNA. Is there anything more lonely than that?
I am not angry with you. I knew you would lead me to them, and so you have! Lay down your sword, and I will not punish you! I will let you retire in peace -- to live out your days in the countryside! And I will give your friends a swift execution, if you surrender now.
He fell. Hey, fella, you fell. Is he all right?
Victory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive competitive urges.
Mr. Anderson? Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole.
I would have waited an eternity for this. Crawl, slave! On your knees!
What is your damage little boy? You've got a sick and twisted world perspective.
Don't call me Tiny.
Yeah I'm goin'to bring you somethin'all right. I've decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't goin'to have to look for me at all.
By God, Will, if you do not, who does? Let us have pirates, clowns, and a happy ending, or we will send you back to Stratford to your wife!
You tell me, Agent Kujan. If I told you the Loch Ness Monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?
I don't know where she gets it from. Her mother
Nietzche said `` all great things must first wear monstrous and terrifying masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity''. Listen children -- to the sound of the Nuremberg night.
Name of Leonard Smalls. My friends call me Lenny ...
So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen?
Hey! Wait a minute! There's no birthday party for me here!
One, two, Freddie's coming for you, three four, better lock your door, five six, grab your crucifix, seven eight gon na stay up late, nine ten, never sleep again ...
Diarrhoea? I mean, this is the minister for International Development. He should be talking about food parcels, not fucking arse-spraying mayhem.
Jules, if you give this nimrod fifteen hundred buck, I'm gon na shoot'em on general principle.
There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidence.
So you're the new chicken licker.
Two dollars for this! This fish wasn't caught. It died of cancer!
Tell him I'm no fool. A prison's still a prison, even with Chinese silk and chandeliers.
Youll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Yo! Yo! Here's my boy! Here's my boy! Who's your daddy, boy? Who is yo'daddy?
Of course he wants us to go there! That's eating us! How do I taste, Moby!? Huh!? Do I taste good!? You tell him I'm not interested in being lunch!
Welcome to our humble madhouse, Doctor. I trust you'll find yourself at home.
Go on Master! I will stop the dogs!
Well, I -- I -- I am the Great and Powerful -- Wizard of Oz.
Oh, that's mah darlin'Luke. Grins like a baby and bites like a'gator.
That, Roman and Mickey, is the famous Archy slap. I have been magically transported straight back to my childhood.
Norma, grow up. You're a woman of fifty. There's nothing tragic about being fifty - not unless you try to be twenty-five.
Because he knows which one of us is next.
Don't take it out on me because you feel guilty for what happened to Rex.
We aren't going to have a war. We're going to have the `` appearance'' of a war.
God, if you ever get me outta this, I swear I will never masturbate again!
You got what you deserved, Zero.
By the way -- did you hear a shot last night?
Alright, asleep or awake, I'm gon na punch his ticket in.
It's a hard world for little things.
Is this off the record, Daddy-o? In that case, let me sum it up for you real quick. If I answer that question you keep asking me, if I give you the name of the `` Big Enchilada'',y'know, then it's bon voyage, Deano - I mean like permanent. I mean like a bullet in my head. You dig? Does that help you see my problem a little better? You're a mouse fighting a gorilla. Kennedy's dead as that crab meat. The government's still breathing. You want to line up with a dead man?
It's your suggestions that prevent us from negotiating what should be a simple matter of catching or staying on a bus!
President! My big toe would make a better President!
Don't touch it! Don't touch that switch!
Well Alan, I have been balled out by Linton for allowing I Heart Huckabees on to the troops DVD roster. You know the phrase, `` I'm too old for this shit? Well, I'm too young for this shit.
I don't know. Is it?
You never used to say `` fucking''.
No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
And how many have paid the price for your impatience? How many have died? How much damage have you done ... And what is yet to come?
'I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food'.
You have the bridge, Mister Troi!
She was the greatest. You wouldn't know. You are too young. In one week she got seventeen thousand fan letters. Men would bribe her mani- curist to get clippings from her fingernails. There was a Maharajah who came all the way from Hyderabad to get one of her stockings. Later, he strangled himself with it.
And I'm like, `` Thanks a heap, Coyote Ugly. This cactus-gram stings even worse than your abandonment.''
... Torture whoever you want, the president if you have to but I want those Stones. You have an hour.
People don't like to be meddled with. We tell them what to do, what to think, don't run don't walk we're in their homes and in their heads and we haven't the right. We're meddlesome.
Fasten your seat belts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
James. You can't kill me. Not in cold blood.
`` I refuse to be a victim.'' When this becomes your mantra, constantly running through your head --
It's a veddy small island in de Caspian Sea. It sunk.
I want to tell you my secret now.
Right. So there's three more people we can easily lose. There's Tom Smykowski.
I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
It's the Bible. You get credit for trying.
Dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
I think it's more like Banky's having a problem with all things not hetero right about now. And I'm just another paradigm of said aberration.
It's time to die.
All right, come on! And the red one, come on. Well, come on, Red, let's go.
I thought we were going to Morocco! There's no Morocco. There's never been a Morocco. There's not even a Penny Lane. Idon'teven know your real name.
Well, tell that stupid mick he just made my list of things to do today. I'm going to pop a cap in his ass.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
Hey! Fuck! Ass! Get me a beer!
He always makes money for his partners. One by one, our old friends are gone. Death, natural or not, prison, deported. Our friend in Miami is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.
That's a funny one! Isn't that funnier?
Damn baby girl, you makin'a nigga fall hard now.
They have an expression in prizefighting: `` everyone has a plan until they're hit.'' You've just been hit ... ... the getting up is up to you ...
I don't know. Relationships seem too distracting. I'd rather concentrate on my studies.
It's all numbers, the croupier thought. A spin of the wheel. A turn of a card. The time of your life. The date of your birth. The year of your death. In the Book of Numbers the Lord said:'thou shalt count thy steps'.
You're a thing. A construct. They grew you in a fucking lab.
Argh! That one counts as mine!
There are two kinds of people in Alaska. Those who were born here and those who've come here to escape something in their lives. I wasn't born here, Will. I'm in no position to judge anyone. I'm not about that any more.
I'm glad we're together now -- our destiny is complete.
More of this is true than you would believe.
Half of writing history is hiding the truth. There's something on this rock the Alliance doesn't want known.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch ... And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
I knew you were right all along, Woody. Never doubted you for a second.
This just keeps gettin, better and better.
And Jim, do me a little favor. The next time you're going to do anything, or say anything, or buy anything, think it over very carefully, and when you're sure you're right -- forget the whole thing. Good night, Muriel.
I've always known ... I'll die alone.
`` Tortious interference''? Sounds like a disease caught by a radio.
I first saw her at Palantine Campaign Headquarters at 58th and Broadway. She was wearing a yellow dress, answering the phone at her desk.
God save me and watch over you all.
Tim, you're a lost ball in the high weeds. I told you a long time ago, nothing happened for you to worry about.
And on that note, we cue the music.
You made Mrs. March feel like she could see again. You made Ford feel like he was part of the world. You give out hope like it was candy in your pocket.
Are you going to give me my car or do I got to go to your house and shove your dog's head down the toilet.
He was innocent. Not a charge was true. And they say he ran awaaaaaay.
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him!
So, in the name of the people and freedom and, I dunno, democracy and stuff like that, I hereby declare this ship officially stolen!
No, it won't. When it's ready, my body will just push it out.
Give me a break. I don't even know you.
Anyone found bipedal in five wears his ass for a hat.
Oh, Al. I'm gettin'kind of fond of you, kid. Not
It's that psycho next door. Jane, what if he worships you? What if he's got a shrine with pictures of you surrounded by dead people's heads and stuff?
You kids don't play so rough. Somebody's gon na start crying.
Right Ben. LET'S GO FUCK. I'll fuck anything that moves.
Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secret of the universe.
... always said dyin'was a part of life.
You ever get tired of going steady with somebody that ain't around -- I'm up for grabs.
Suicides go to hell. Especially if they're pregnant. And I don't even care.
Fifteen! This is it, Dude! Let's take that hill!
Little punk. I got syrup on my safari jacket.
There's the Countess Rothes. And that's John Jacob Astor ... the richest man on the ship. His little wifey there, Madeleine, is my age and in a delicate condition. See how she's trying to hide it. Quite the scandal. And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Gordon. She designs naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular with the royals.
That's a fucking fortune, Ed. And you know I'm the last person on Earth to walk away from a big payday. But you and me didn't get into this to get rich. We did it cause we both have this voice in our heads saying, do the right thing; get these plaintiffs what they deserve -- the right to live and die in some kind of comfort and peace. If 50,000 isn't gon na buy that, then we got ta say no. Trust me. If you don't do the right thing for these people, getting that 6 million dollars is gon na feel like shit.
The rules of haircare are simple and finite. Any Cosmo girl would've known.
You wetchaself! Mr. McDunnough wet hisseff, Daddy!
Women. Can't live with'em. Can't kill'em.
Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
The U.N. Building. What a joke. Used to be a nice place until they turned it into low rent housing. Now it's a dump. I wouldn't live there if you paid me.
Bud Fox, I look at a hundred ideas a day. I choose one.
`` Springtime for Hitler,'' etc.
I want him manning a radar tower in Alaska by the end of the day. Just mail him his clothes.
Whoa. The Furious Five. You're so much bigger than your action figures -- except for you, Mantis. You're about the same.
God damn it, that motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
Prime did it. He turned the tide! He shoots into ...
Has anyone ever told you have a serious impulse control problem? You know, I simply love what you've done with this place. Heavy Metal with just a touch of House and Garden.
Wow, I guess you CAN do that!
Dr. Kang, is it safe to say that someone inflicting this kind of wound intended to kill?
Something's wrong with me.
Maybe if we work at it we can get Dawson charged with the Kennedy assassination.
EVER SINCE I WAS THE EINER KELINER HERREN IT WAS THE CORDON BLEU FOR WHICH I AM MOST CARE-EN ... AND THE ONE TASTE TREAT SO SWEET THAT REALLY CAN'T BE BEAT ... IS WHAT WE HAVE JA? HOW YOU ARE? ... CAVIAR! THAT LITTLE BLACK MESS.
We have no way of warning the surface. Do you know what that means?
My name is Pavel Chekov. I am a Lt. Commander in Starfleet, United Federation of Planets, service number 656-5827b.
Percy met your mouse.
Yeah, you're acting like we all just got theDiff'rent Strokes curse or something.
Christ, I'm too old for this. Somebody get me a goddamn wheelchair.
Are you fucken with me? Are you fucken with me, or are you done fucken with me? Because I've just `` financialized'' the problem, and you've just become more trouble than you're worth.
Excuses are like assholes, Taylor - everybody got one.
Well -- ring around the rosy -- a pocket full of spears! Thought you'd be pretty foxy, didn't you? Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
Look! He's right on top of us. I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
Stop it! We are not gon na die! Now both of you will get a grip. Or so help me I will ground you for a month! Understand?
Oh Gomez, don't torture yourself. That's my job.
All these people dead!! Because you screwed up on the math??
Well, that's what's left after me saying, `` When I was in China on the All-America Ping-Pong Team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flex- O-Ping-Pong Paddle.'' Which everybody knows it isn't true, but Momma says it's just a little white lie so it wouldn't hurt nobody. So, anyway, I'm putting all that on gas, ropes and new nets and a brand-new shrimpin'boat.
I love this dirty town.
Its talking, Merry. The tree is talking!
I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an'they die, an'their kids ain't no good, an'they die out. But we keep a-comin'. We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people.
You already did that by walking off the plane. Now you got ta out when Play your hunch, Alex. If you think you can get away from it. But beware the risk of cheating the And you don't even want to fuck with
We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
As long as there is injustice, whenever a Targathian baby cries out, wherever a distress signal sounds among the stars ... We'll be there. This fine ship, and this fine crew ... Never give up! Never surrender!
Leads, yeah. I'll just check with the boys down at the Crime Lab. They've assigned four more detectives to the case, got us working in shifts.
Hello! Hello! So every time -- I just want to understand this, sir -- every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the --
Jesus ... nothing's easy ...
John, you know? When you're little, you have more endurance than God is ever to grant you again? Children are Man at his strongest. They abide.
Airight so this is the world and there are five billion people on it. When I was a kid there were three. It's hard to keep up.
I know what I'm going to do tomorrow and the next day and next year and the year after that. I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world ... And I'm going to build things. I'm going to build air fields. I'm going to build skyscrapers a hundred stories high. I'm going to build a bridge a mile long.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it.
Oh, I'm pissed!! Now I am really pissed!!!
Dig in, lad. Hearty fare breeds hearty people. Haute cuisine breeds degenerates.
That guy is still a horn dog.
Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit? Turn it off!
That's all the gusta you can musta? I said, `` Good morning!''
LIKE A VIRGIN WITH AN'URGIN'IN A SURGERY I'LL BE SWINGING -- I'LL BE BRINGING OUT THE NURSE IN ME
You don't have the power to upset me. You don't matter enough to upset me.
... Stay in school an'use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an'forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an'smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!!
You have chosen wisely. But the Grail can not pass beyond the Great Seal. That is the boundary and the price of immortality.
Now look what you've done. My bugs, my bugs, my bugs, bye bye bye
IF THAT'S NOT ENOUGH THEN I'M SO SORRY I MET YOU IT WAS ALMOST LIKE LEADING YOU ON BUT THERE'S MORE TO IT ALL THEN JUST WRINGING YOUR HEART OUT OVER SOMEETHING THAT KEEPS ON GOING WRONG SO DON'T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
It is Johnny. He came all the way from California to be at the wedding.
I tell you, nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch.
'Cause you may be the best damn girl in Texas.
I like your immensities. Your ocean is an image of eternity, I think. Such great spaces make us small. Do we discover the New World, Mr Raleigh, or does the New World discover us?
That's how you're gon na beat'em, Butch. They keep underestimatin'ya.
Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive once. But now she looks a hobbit. The fat one that was in The Goonies.
I am going to ask questions. If you don't answer, fully and truthfully, you will suffer much more than you have to.
He won't listen to anybody. He's been very crazy all summer. Since June he's been trying to kill me.
Come on, you scuzzy little data, be in there ...
Excuse me? You need to go back to grad school.
My boy, we are Pilgrims in an unholy land.
Just short of Zeta II Reticuli. We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
That's fucked it. What do we do now? No money, no weed; it's all been swapped for a pile of corpses.
Ronald, e-mail's for geeks and pedophiles. Be romantic. Write her another letter.
Everybody has an agenda. Everyone.
I need to take some samples.
Has anyone seen my bigger knife? Do you guys hear that?
Who's handicapped? My goodness! Don't be ridiculous. You're not handicapped. You're ... What do they call that? Exceptional. My name's Joyce. And I noticed that you have not tasted any of the ambrosia salad that I made especially for you. Allow me.
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Get that dirty old man out of the operating room!
Why? When he is the kind of man that everyone speaks well of and no one wants to talk to.
Don't look at me. I don't like people looking at me like that.
I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey.
Jesus, bad waves of paranoia, madness, fear and loathing -- intolerable vibrations in this place. Get out! The weasels were closing in. I could smell the ugly brutes. Flee!
Mordor. The one place in Middle-earth we dont want to see any closer, and the one place were trying to get to. Its just where we cant get. Lets face it, Mr. Frodo, were lost. I dont think Gandalf meant for us to come this way.
Thank God you didn't show up any later. This place gives me the chills at night. ... No electricity, and all these mirrors ... You know, I live in Brooklyn near a Jewish neighborhood, and when someone dies, they cover all the mirrors in their house. Some say that it's just to renounce all vanity during the mourning period, but others say something else ... They say it's to keep the soul of the dead from being trapped in the mirrors ... Believe it or not, there's always a bit of truth in any superstition. Am I right?
I certainly admire people who do things. I'm Bruno Anthony. Bruno. See Guy looks up. Bruno indicates his gold tie pin which bears his name in cut- out letters. Guy looks at it with the faintest expression of disdain. I suppose you think it's corny. But my mother gave it to me so of course I wear it to please her.
I don't know. It's a mystery.
Cancer of the prick. Oh, yeah, you didn't know that? Fuggedaboudit. I'm in the medical books with that.
A fellow your age, hiring an airplane to write:'Hildy: Don't be hasty -- remember my dimple. Walter.! It held things up twenty minutes while the Judge ran out to watch it.
What about me coach? Did I have heart?
Science Fiction - double-feature Frank has built and lost his creature Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet The servants gone to a distant planet Oh - at the late night double-feature Picture Show - I want to go - Ohh - To the late night double-feature picture show.
CQ CQ WR2 GFO ... WR2 GFO, come back.
Now, why can't that spirit, that same warm Christmas spirit last the whole year round? Gosh, if it ever did, if each and every John Doe would make that spirit last three hundred and sixty-five days out of the year, we'd develop such a strength, we'd create such a tidal wave of good will, that no human force could stand against it.
My boy's wicked smart.
You boys -- thought you could just barge -- in here and take -- all these beautiful things -- that don't belong to you ...
Whoa, this rules! Can I have a gun too? Huh huh huh.
Eight years I'm waiting for some genius to notice it took me an hour to drive seven blocks.
Well, I leave you alone with that lady -- but if you behave like a gentleman -- I'll break your neck! Goodbye, darling!
Yah-my ma's clothes all melted onto mine forming like this big polyester meteor in our closet,y'know? But, in some kinda weird miracle, our neighbor boy, Kenny Johanson, found my tap costume on the roof-a their trailer while he was settin'coon traps for his dad. Here's the weird part. It was still on the hanger.
I wish there was some way I could ... just ... pay the fine and go home.
Let him go or I'll do it.
I was hoping you'd give me a bath ... I'm very, very dirty.
Here's my impression of life at big Bri's house ... Son! Yeah Dad? How's your day, pal? Great Dad, how's yours? Super, say son, how'd you like to go fishing this weekend? Great Dad, but I've got homework to do! That's alright son, you can do it, on the boat! Geee!!! Dear, isn't our son swell? Yes Dear, isn't life swell?
If being crazy means living life as if it matters then I don't care if we are completely insane. Do you?
That day I read the story Holden wrote for me. It was kinda different from the other one, but kinda the same. It was about a woman who was put upon. Whose job was a prison, and whose life had lost all meaning. Other people don't get her, especially her husband. One day she meets a boy who is also put upon, and they fall in love. After spending their whole lives not getting got, with one look they get eachother completely. In the end, the boy and the girl run away together in the wilderness, never to be heard from again.
Message for you, sir.
That's your receipt for your husband. Thank you. And this is my receipt for your receipt.
I thought you'd like him more, if he spoke a little less. So I fixed him.
Okay then ... Are you positive your mother's a bitch? Just kidding.
In my dreams, I can walk. My legs are strong.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud. Still he gets sick?
No, idealism is guilty, middle class bullshit.
I like them french-fried potaters.
I know that sometimes the shit comes down SO heavy I feel like I should wear a hat.
This is not the Queen I love and serve.
I wan na ride the pony ...
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin'next door to me, comin'over watchin'the fuckin'Patriots'games and still workin'construction, I'll fuckin'kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin'kill you.
.... now that I've met you .... Would you object to never seeing me again?
... a warrior goes to you swift and straight as an arrow shot into the sun. Welcome him and let him take his place at the council fire of my people. He is Uncas, my son. Bid them patience and ask death for speed; for they are all there but one - I, Chingachgook - Last of the Mohicans.
When they look at you, they see what they want to be. When they look at me, they see what they are ...
I could've ended up having sex back there. And what better way to exorcize rejection demons than to screw the person who rejected you, right? But you wouldn't be sleeping with a person. You'd be sleeping with a whole sad single-person culture. It'd be like sleeping with Talia Shire in `` Rocky'' if you weren't Rocky.
I think it's boring in here. Everything's white. Why doesn't the guy put up a couple of prints? Bullfight posters, or something.
I am not a bathroom attendant!
Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
So that was he! That giggling, dirty- minded creature I'd just seen crawling on the floor. Mozart. The phenomenon whose legend had haunted my youth. Impossible.
Pardon my French but you're an asshole!
A generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is the answer we really need.
You too. I ... just can't get it on for the good guys, you know?
N-no, y-you're dead. Oh my God. You're dead!
C'mon, Max. You don't get it. I don't give a shit about you. I only care about what's in your fucking head. If you won't help us help yourself, then I'll have only one choice. Destroy the competition. I'll take you out of the game. Survival of the fittest, Max. And we've got the gun.
Looks don't concern me, Maestro. Only talent interests a woman of taste.
Lenny, I've always thought of you as the Dutch elm disease of my family tree. But this time, nephew, you did fine.
Goodbye, Father. I'll speak for you. I speak for all mediocrities in the world. I am their champion. I am their patron saint. On their behalf I deny Him, your God of no mercy. Your God who tortures men with longings they can never fulfill. He may forgive me: I shall never forgive Him.
Don't move. don't look at me.
I feel like a horse's ass.
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives ... dressed head to toe in love.
I walked all night. I walked as I walked years before when my mind swam with guilt at the thought of killing. I found myself at the Cathedral.
A Muslim must be strikingly upright. Outstanding. So those in the darkness can see the power of the light.
You lack the courage of your convictions, sir. Do it.
Hey, Malkovich! Think fast!
Look at him. Why doesn't he just lick them when they walk by?
Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming.
No matter what happens, you have been and always will be my hero.
Turn around rock star.
I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not. It's silly.
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.
People who talk in metaphors can shampoo my crotch. Eat up.
That's my nose, genius ... These are my lips.
No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
Leviticus. 10.9. Do not drink wine or strong drink thou, nor thy sons with thee least ye die. It shall be a statute forever. Look. not though. upon. the. wine when it. is red when it giveth his color in the cup when it moveth itself aright at the last it biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder.
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
Like I said. Ain't me you got ta worry about.
Hah! A heading. Set sail in a ... mmm ... a general ... in that way - direction.
Three things. First - You don't have a choice. Second- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third - I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys.
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
I'm a civilian! You don't have any authority --
The Sword of Heroes! Said to be so sharp you can cut yourself just by looking -- OW!
They have taken away our silence.
God forbid you ever get a real taste for Jewish skirt. There's no future in it. No future. They don't have a future. And that's not just good old- fashioned Jew-hating talk. It's policy now.
... this is just the sort of thing Mafia people can do -- washing money, and things like that. We just don't know about these things because we're not criminals.
We don't make mistakes.
No offense, Professor Tripp, but you look sorta crappy.
I am fairly sure that Timothy and Evelyn are having an affair. Timothy is the only interesting person I know. Courtney is almost perfect looking. She s usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs. Tonight I believe it's Xanax. More disturbing than her drug use, though, is the fact that she's engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
Admiral! There be whales here!
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Benjamin ... We're meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us.
With the exception of Miss Pryce, there is not a decent human being amongst you. Do you know what makes a human being decent? Fear. And therein lies the problem. None of you has anything to fear anymore. You rest comfortably in seats of inscrutable power, hiding behind your false idol, far from judgement - lives shrouded in secrecy even from one another. But not from God.
I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay?
This is Eleanor Arroway broadcasting on 9.2 megahertz. Dad, are you there? Come back. Come back. Come back ...
Of course I have a secret identity. Can you see me in this at the supermarket? Come on. Who'd want to go shopping as Elastigirl,y'know what I mean?
Does anyone here speak English? Or even ancient Greek?
Me Grimlock want to munch metal! Slag barrels into Sharkticons, making a quick shishkebob out of them, while ...
All that is visible must grow beyond itself and extend into the realm of the invisible.
Quellek ... By Grabthar's hammer, by the suns of Warvan ... You shall be avenged.
GO POWER RANGERS!
I don't want trouble.
You've been up here too long, man! You've lost the plot!
How do you teach homosexuality? Like French? I was born of heterosexual parents, I was taught by heterosexual teachers in a fiercely heterosexual society. So then why am I homosexual? And no offense meant, but if it were true that children mimicked their
'Twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man.
John Hammond.
The Shop Around the Corner is a true New York treasure.
Now get in my way! Bitch.
Screw that'all for one'shit. I got ta deal with being the minority in the minority of the minority, and nobody's supporting my ass? While the whole of society is fawning over girls- on-girls, here I sit - a reviled gay man, and to top that off, I'm a gay black man - notoriously the most swishy of the bunch.
I didn't think much about it at the time. Just bullshit,y'know, everybody likes to make themselves out to be something more than they are. Specially in the homosexual underworld. But then when they got him I got real scared,y'know. Real scared. And that's when I got popped.
Get that crap outta here!
The problem is I think you're an overeducated, 27-year-old virgin who holds the hands of superstitious old women and promises them eternity.
Ill teach you a trick. If you look people in the eye, theyll never even notice what you have on.
Nothing good will come of this.
John The Apostle said: Behold there is a stranger in our midst, come to destroy us!
Never give up. Never surrender!
You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass. Go sit over there on the couch.
Dr. Arroway, you come before us with no evidence. No records, no artifacts -- only a story that -- to put I mildly -- strains credibility. Over two trillion dollars was spent, hundreds of lives were lost, many more may be in jeopardy due to the almost incalculable worldwide psychological impact ... Are you going to sit there and tell us that we should simply take this all on faith?
The fire has been called off, my friend. No one is coming to help you. You might as well come out and join the others. I promise not to hurt you.
`` I reject the basic assumptions of civilization, including material possession.''
Wake up, Norma. You'd be killing yourself to an empty house. The audience left twenty years ago. Now face it.
PappyO'Daniel was displayin'rectitude and high-mindedness when that pencil-neck you work for was still messin'his drawers!
Shut your raggedy ass up and sit down.
Still rooting for you, mate!
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
I don't care what you believe! Just ... believe it. Whatever you have to ... His breathing becomes laboured. Hitched. Stopped. His hand slips away, his blood leaving a distinct print on Mal's face. Jayne and Simon run up, Simon slowing down -- going to the ehe's-dead. -- -- Zne -  a r.7-1,;,,, r them as Jayne looks around him, Mal still fixed on Book.
The tower! Oh! Rapunzel! Rapunzel!
Come on Hi. you're young, you got your health - what do you want with a job?
I'm sure he loves you, too. You know the expression, let sleeping dogs lie? You're better off not knowing.
But a deltoid And a bicep, A hot groin And a tricep Makes me - ooh - Shake. Makes me want To take Charles Atlas By the ha-and.
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
You are in the courtroom of world opinion right now, and you can answer yes or no. You have denied they exist, and I want to know if I have understood you correctly.
Its true. All you have in common is that you both secretly want to be me. Cheers.
A mojo. It's a very modern machine that transmits pages over the telephone. It only takes eighteen Minutes a page ...
He was full of pep. Must've had his grande latte enema.
As L. A. P. D. officers gather evidence at this grisly crime scene, you can only ask yourselves what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crimes? The three adjectives which best describe this killer are sadistic, intelligent, and dangerous ...
`` Go back to your banana tree, nigger.'' No use telling them I came from Tottenham.
Sorry if we hurt your field, Mister.
NO, we're gon na stay here. This is what my people died for. The right to make a movie in this town.
Nothing I have been told about these people is correct. They are not beggars and thieves. They are not the bogeymen they have been made out to be.
That can wait. The Master of the Revels despises us for vagrants, tinkers, and peddlers of bombast. But my father, James Burbage, had the first licence to make a company of players from Her Majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age. Their fame will be our fame. So let them all know, we are men of parts. We are a brotherhood, and we will be a profession. Will Shakespeare has a play. I have a theatre. The Curtain is yours.
There is no us, you psychotic bitch.
I've read where the retail industry does fifty percent of its business between December 1st and December 25th. Half the year's business, in one month's time. It seems to me an intelligent society would legislate a second such gift-giving holiday, create, say, a Christmas Two -- late May, early June -- to further stimulate growth and prosperity. For who would protest such a holiday? Taking the fifty percent model, a Christmas Two would grow this country's annual per capita income by close to one-third.
Next time, remind me to do this out in the yard.
You're in the club! Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
It's a strange world, isn't it?
Now that hurt the both of us.
A famous linguist once said ... that of all the phrases in the English language, of all the endless combinations of words in all of history ... that `` Cellar Door'' is the most beautiful.
Mr. Singer. What an appropriate name for a man who can't keep his mouth shut.
They said this one has a surprise ending.
You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
Have a nice stroll, asshole.
The whole world is trying to get out of Washington and we're the only schmucks trying to get in.
Kate honey, I may be a bastard. But I'm not a fuckin'bastard.
Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
It's just ... it's just that ... I've never lost anything.
I found it, I did. The way through the marshes. Orcs don't use it. Orcs don't know it. They go round for miles and miles. Come quickly. Swift and quick as shadows we must be.
Shut the fuck up, Donny. Not a bunch of fig-eaters with towels on their heads tryin'to find reverse on a Soviet tank. This is not a worthy --
It's a scale really, with `` perfect mission'' on one end and `` total pooch-screw'' on the other and we're more about here --
We're not so different as you might think. I was abandoned repeatedly as a child. My mama'd drag me along to some new town so she could take up with another man she'd met. Night after night she'd lock me in the hotel room -- Mama'd turn the latch and tell the staff not to let me out no matter what. I was terrified -- I'd scream my head off -- till finally I'd collapse on the carpet next to the door and fall asleep. After years of this she just left me with relatives in Alabama.
Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a real screwball.
Acting Captain Spock -- whose only form of expression's apparently limited to his left damn eyebrow -- has marooned me on Delta Vega in what I believe to be a violation of security protocol 49.09, governing the treatment of prisoners aboard a st --
Yes I have. I hope I am always able to risk everything for the right and just cause. If we did not make this decision - we could never again call ourselves innocent. And that in the end is what we have protected here - innocence. That, I am not ready to give up.
Why? Well, uh, it's kind of like askin', `` Why do all the guys chew Copenhagen?'' You know? I mean, if you're seventeen and you're not a total fry, it's just what you do.
I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness news. Back to you fuckers 1
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
Guess who is coming to dinner.
The Black Panther Party is not anti- white, you can not fight racism with racism.
Bless the Maker and his water ... Bless the coming and going of him. May his passage cleanse the world.
You see this badge? I think I'd recognize an ape if I saw one. And the only thing I do recognize here is a political fiasco I'm, going to avoid by letting this butt-fucking Brady Bunch go!
Okay, I cried a little before. Hazel, you've been part of me forever. Don't you know that? I breathe your name in every exhalation.
All you people are so scared of me -- an'most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you got ta worry about now.
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back through time ... to change the future for one lucky lady.
C'mon, baby ... come to Papa. I'm gon na kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
Take your best shot, motherfucker ...
That's right, Preacher. I robbed that bank because I got tired of seein'children roamin'the woodlands without food, children roamin'the highways in this year of Depression, children sleepin'in old abandoned car bodies on junk-heaps; and I promised myself I'd never see the day when my youngins'd want.
Bye, Mister. Don't go nowhere without me. I wan na have your love child.
Oh, Arnie, sometimes when we touch, the honesty's too much.
One, because it seems, in a few minutes, you will officially be the only survivor of this train wreck. And two, because you don't have a scratch on you. You didn't break one bone.
Some men are past redemption.
You will always be a child of two worlds. I am grateful for that. And for you. And not only because you are all I have left of her.
I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold.
Sallah, I said no camels! That's five camels. Can't you Count?
You took your boots off? You put your feet on the table ... you shit- kicking, stinky, horse-manure-smellin'motherfucker you! You fuck me up over there, I'll stick you in a hole in the fuckin'desert! You understand? Go over there and apologize. Go! Get the fuck out of -
I'm not much for inspirational addresses. I just wanta point out that every newspaper in the country has picked us to finish last. The local press thinks we'd save everybody a lot of time and trouble if we just went out and shot ourselves. Me, I like to waste sportswriters'time so I'm for hangin'around and seein'if we can give all these guys a nice big shitburger to eat.
You better not be jacking off to the Japanese comics. I swear to God.
... The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for.
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
Saving someone's life is like falling in love, the best drug in the world. For days, sometimes weeks afterwards, you walk the street making infinite whatever you see. Once, for weeks I couldn't feel the earth. Everything I touched became light. Horns played in my shoes; flowers fell from my pockets ...
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car.
You have never experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original Klingon.
Takes more than a steelbalde to take this old dog down.
... wish in one hand and shit in the other, see which fills up faster.
I bet you that chick is two tons of fun. You know, the grateful type.
After that it got pretty late. And we both hadda go, but it was great seeing Annie again, right? I realized what a terrific person she was and-and how much fun it was just knowing her and I-I thought of that old joke, you know, this- this-this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says, `` Doc, uh, my brother's crazy. He thinks he's a chicken.'' And, uh, the doctor says, `` Well, why don't you turn him in?'' And the guy says, `` I would, but I need the eggs.'' Well, I guess that's pretty much how how I feet about relationships. You know, they're totally irrational and crazy and absurd and ... but, uh, I guess we keep goin'through it because, uh, most of us need the eggs.
You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy?
Harold, it's Bateman. Patrick Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know-I've killed a lot of people. Some escort girls, in an apartment uptown, some homeless people, maybe five or ten, an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot, near Dunkin'Donuts. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun. and a man, some old faggot with a dog. Last week I killed another girl with a chainsaw-I had to, she almost got away There was someone else there, maybe a model, I can't remember but she's dead too. And Paul Owen. I killed Paul Owen with an ax, in the face. His body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here ... I guess I've killed 20 people, maybe 40-I have tapes of a lot of it. Some of the girls have seen the tapes, I even ... well, I ate some of their brains and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I just, well, I had to kill a lot of people and I'm not sure I'm going to get away with it this time-I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy. So-if you get hack tomorrow, I may show up at Harry's Bar, so, you know, keep your eyes open.
Come and get me, you son-of-a-bitch. Take me and leave my family alone ....
If you find my answers frightening, Vincent, you should cease askin'scary questions.
Yoo-hoo! Travis and Bob Head. Whoo-hoo!
You cant do this. You cant keep coming in and out of peoples lives, messing things up ...
Sir, all these deletion marks in the transcripts will make it look you swear all the time.
The truth is, I've always been a fool.
I hated cigarettes until I saw my first No Smoking sign. Keep off the Grass? Let's play Soccer. Only law I cared about was friendship. Broke that one too, didn't I? This Gates-Mario Brothers-CIA-Mayflower-Da Vinci thing seemed like a sweet deal. Visit foreign lands, take their treasures. I don't know, I thought you'd get into it. It's better than playing darts with M.B.A.'s at the bar. I didn't know it was going to be like this. Them using me to use you ... I'm sorry, there's only one way out of this and it's gon na hurt me more than it's gon na hurt you.
Terrible. I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
... and keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose. In the end, we get it all.
Wow. That shirt is working hard.
Someone once told me that to write well you have to write what you know. This is what I know. I am twenty five years old. I have never really kissed a guy. A geek to the core, most of my childhood years were spent doing extra homework I requested from the teacher.
You wanted to tussle, we tussled.
You've poisoned me for the last time you wretched girl.
Not commercial? Mister, don't you know what you're listening to? This is rock'n roll!
I thought I was the liar.
If we don't strike soon, there may not be much of an America left to defend.
Whew, that wasn't a period. That was an exclamation mark. You know, Hayley, behind every great woman is a great first menstruation anecdote.
Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse gave up and drowned, but the second mouse struggled so hard that he churned that cream into butter -- and he walked out. Amen. They all lift their heads, clearly impressed. Robert turns to Frank and smiles.
Touch my brother with that stake, biker, and vampires won't need to suck your blood, they'll be able to lick it up off the floor.
Soon all of you will be like me and then who will lock you in the cellar? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-
See, this is the problem with civilians wanting to go to war. When you've been there you don't want to go back unless you absolutely have to. It's like France.
I call it'nutty'as my shit after I eat Almond Roca ...
My mom would kill me if she knew I took the Rover.
Speak into the microphone.
That son of a bitch ... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
There seems to be an alien pubic hair in my Gin.
Awesome. Totally awesome.
I don't ... being bad feels pretty good, huh?
Well, I'm right here to tell you, mister, ain't nobody going to push me off my land! Grampa took up this land seventy years ago. My pa was born here. We was all born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn -- bein'born on it, and workin'it, and dyin'on it -- and not no piece of paper with writin'on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
Boys and girls and music. Why do they need gin?
Find them and destroy them!
Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think maybe some of them was in a long tunnel before. And in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was one that was inside of them and then -even long after they escaped that tunnel, they still be shining for everybody else. Thas Miz Rain to me.
You remember where I said how I was gon na explain about life, buddy? Well, the thing about life is ... it gets weird. See people are always gon na be talking to you about `` truth.'' Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit. Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another. So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's < u > your < /u > bullshit, so to speak. You got that?
I love you, Madeleine, as a parishioner -- as a child of God --
Go ahead. Use it Hunt. It's not a bad way to go. A lot better than the way that bitch is going to die.
Everyone knows Manny Davis ... ... except MRS. Manny Davis.
Get your fingers out of my soup!
I don't know who he is. But he's burned, he wears a weird hat, a red and yellow sweater, real dirty, and he uses some sort of knifes he's got made into a sort of ... glove. Like giant fingernails.
My dear Mrs. Hudson -- criminals are as unpredictable as head-colds. You never quite know when you're going to catch one.
Holy God, this is going to change my life in a zillion different ways ... I must be nuts.
I may be young, but Doc can tell you, I'm very immature.
I'm going to be as forthcoming as I can be, Mr. Anderson. You are here because we need your help.
Just you reconsider playing that message for him.
No. I think you're talking about you. I'll tell you right now that I'm in love with you ... but, be that as it may, I'm not here to force my twisted life into your soul.
Yes, Betty. But the false promise of a new dawn is usually followed by a most bloody sunset.
Linton has set up a secret war committee, I just know it. I mean, Linton is an absolute lunatic, Liza. He is dangerous. The voices in his head are now singing barbershop together.
MisterO'Connell, can you look me in the eye, and guarantee me this is not some sort of flimflam? Because if it is, I'm warning you --
Hi, handsome. Care for some buns?
And welcome back to the fight. This time I know our side will win.
Take this stiff and pound it up your fuckin'ass! Hit me again.
This isn't the end of it! I will get your son, eventually. I'll get your son!
Hold me. I'M FALLING!
So, Mrs. Sutphin! Tell me! Are you `` Serial Mom''?
So, what's this Sarah got that you don't? Three tits? -
YOU STUPID BITCH! YOU'RE KILLING US! KILLING US!
You want to know what's wrong with our waterfront? It's love of a lousy buck. It's making love of a buck the cushy job more important than the love of man. It's forgetting that every fellow down here is your brother in Christ.
Why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here!
Oh! Lions and tigers and bears!
It's about time you gave up on that stupid dream once and for all. No son of mine is going to be a career musician.
Y'know, I came up with a new game show idea recently. It's called The Old Game. You got three old guys with loaded guns on stage They look back at their lives, see who they were, what they accomplished, how close they came to realizing their dreams. The winner is the one who doesn't blow his brains out. He gets a refrigerator.
Daddy got a safe?
Oh, rubbish! You have no power here. Be gone, before somebody drops a house on you, too.
Welcome to the party, pal.
Get comfortable. The bad news is we got six hours in this can, blowing down. The worse news is it's gon na take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
This is gon na ruin my whole day.
Ow! That really hurt. I'm going to have a lump there, you idiot! Who throws a shoe? You fight like a woman.
You have a responsibility to tell me.
Not a clue? It's from a poem by Walt Whitman about Mr. Abraham Lincoln. Now in this class you can call me Mr. Keating. Or, if you're slightly more daring, Oh Captain, My Captain.
You've thrown your lot in with them. You're not a Viking.
It is not HANDS that call us ...
Goddammit, Mac! Get that pig unfucked and get it in the treeline!
What do we do then, sir? We joined the corps'cause we wanted to live our lives by a certain code. And we found it in the corps. And now you're asking us to sign a piece of paper that says we have no honor. You're asking us to say we're not marines. If a judge and jury decide that what we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever punishment they give. But I believe I was riqht, sir. I believe I did my job. And I won't dishonor myself, my unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo home in six months. Sir.
There's the way it oughta be and there's the way it is.'Lias he was full of shit,'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down ... and I ain't gon na allow that. From none of you. Not one ...
That money better be where you said it was, Ipkiss or you can Ipkiss your ass goodbye.
Hatred was the only thing that kept my soul alive in that soul-killing place. And among those men I hated was my own poor, dumb father. Who put me in that hell to begin with.
It means uncommon beauty is commonly overlooked. Most people only notice birds with the brightest colors.
You know what capitalism is -- Getting fucked.
I see the usual gang of misfits and dope addicts are here. Say, who's the lug?
Look there. A nigger. If that don't beat all ...
But she was different. There was a light in her eyes ... and she had this voice. It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice. I helped her. And I promised her that I'd always be there ... to protect her. See? It's not about what's in her head. It's what's in mine. I can't let go of the promise. It's ... like ... it's all I have left.
We'll take it from here.
Violence is a product of fear. Those who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person. Learn to truly love yourself ... and the world will be yours.
Don't raise your voice at -- I gave you the ultimate male fantasy -- sex, nothing on the side. Don't pretend we shared anything other than fluids.
My, stomach. I haven't felt this awful since we saw that Lina Wertmuller film.
That is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Englishmen and Americans always say to French girls so that they can sleep with them.
The silly bitch! She's fainted in the wrong scene ...
Who's getting married?
I think, therefore I am.
.and when my Johnny finds out how you slapped around his girl? You know what will happen to you, fatboy? She looks Reinecke square in the eye. Reinecke swings ...
So many assholes, so few bullets.
No I just wan na know how one becomes a janitor because Andrew here, is very interested in persuing a career in the custodial arts ...
... Jesus it's hot. Sometimes it gets so hot, I wan na crawl right out of my skin.
Man likes to play chess. Let's get him some rocks.
Cheer up, Lizardo, it's Friday. I come for your TV. You been using too damn much juice ... ten thousand kilowatts again this month. Beats me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.
You know what the definition of a hero is? It's someone who gets other people killed. You can look it up later. He drops his weapon, slides it across the floor. Mal moves to the Trade Agent. Hauls him up, tosses him toward the vault. Zoe and Jayne follow.
Bones, I need you badly.
Kill me! Please kill me!
Go ahead, Cornelius. You can cry.
And you know something, Doctor? I don't think Mozart's going to help at all.
They usually call death row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile, because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then. Old Sparky, we called it. I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey, and the two dead girls ...
Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind word about The Time! Me and Silent Bob modeled our whole fucking lives after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and Tubby here's my black manservant!
Lorenzo Saint DuBois. But everybody calls me LSD.
Sy Ableman was a serious man!
`` How does she get all these guys to propose? She's not that beautiful.'' Bite me, paper boy.
Look! Look! It's Woody and Buzz! Comin'up fast!
I've been told the best crackers in the world could do this in sixty minutes. Unfortunately, I need someone who can do it in sixty seconds.
What happened to saluting an officer when he leaves the room?
That's exactly why we want to do this play. To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me. It's a con.
I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level. Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President? Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back? Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation? Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up? Could the Mob wreck the autopsy? Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude. Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules. This was a military-style ambush from start to finish ... a coupd'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings.
Honey, I'm home. Oh, I forgot. I'm not married.
I'm shootin'pool, Fats. When I miss you can shoot.
I don't know! I don't know why I insisted!
Why me, Gabriel? It's personal, isn't it? I didn't go to church enough? I didn't pray enough? I was five bucks short in the collection plate? Why?
I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.
Hey! Don't I get to say thank you this time?
Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up ...
He really doesn't mean it,y'know! He never even knew his father!
I think George Lucas is going to sue somebody --
There he goes -- one of God's own prototypes -- a high powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live and too rare to die.
God's your prankster, my boy. Think of it. He gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift and then, I swear to you -- for his own amusement -- his own private, cosmic gag reel -- he sets the rules in opposition. It's the goof of all time. Look but don't touch. Touch but don't taste. Taste but don't swallow. And while you're jumping from one foot to the other he's laughing his sick fucking ass off! He's a tight-ass. He's a sadist. He's an absentee landlord! Worship that? Never.
Take her to the pit! Use more honey. Find out what she knows.
Cindy. Maggie's unmarried cousin.
Have you come to make me a martyr?
Hyggelig a mote dem. Jeg Heter Laura Palmer.
`` I'm Catwoman, hear me roar.''
This hospital is under new management, ladies and gentlemen. From now on, free care for everyone.
Jesus Christ, he isn't gon na try to sell you insurance, lift him.
And what if I told you that I was the antichrist?
That's what I'm talking about! I'm talking about America!!
On a scale of one to ten, you belong with the Nines. We both know you won't settle for less.
One thing's for sure. We're all going to be a lot thinner! Get on top of it!
What a clusterfuck. Only thing didn't show up was the Polish cavalry.
Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like ... let's go say good night.
Shh. I love thunderstorms.
Yes. You annoy me therefore I exist.
Yum. This pretzel tastes like a friggin'donut!
Father! ... Father! THE SLEEPER HAS
I've seen blue skies Through the tears in my eyes And I realise I'm going home I'm going home
Now, if you'll excuse me, Captain, I have an appointment with eternity and I don't want to be late.
Your boy's on his way up ... I met him years ago. In Havana.
We've got to save Prime! Punching ...
The only good bug is a dead bug!
And these shall be your minions ...
I'm prepared to scour the earth for this motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a cap in his ass.
Just what do you want from me, anyway? Permission to be a fake? Stop whining and do something about it.
Don't underestimate Death.
Ok. I mean, I just ate. So I'm still digesting ... So my kung fu might not be as good as later on.
What is this bullshit, man? I don't fucking care! It don't matter to Jesus! But you're not fooling me! You might fool the fucks in the league office, but you don't fool Jesus! It's bush league psych-out stuff! Laughable, man! I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead!
I'm going parading before it's too late!
No. You're dead, son - get yourself buried!
Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of those TIE fighters to follow you.
The puddle man is outside, majesty.
These things are like smart bombs. Point`em in the right direction and shit gets real.
I am so happy. No one can be so happy without being punished. I will be punished and I should be punished. I want to confess, darling.
No, I'm not alright. You two are crazy to get married. Marriage ruins everything.
Oh, yah-sure, Freda, yah. She was the oldest livin'Lutheran. Now she's dead as a doornail. It's them damn Shriners who ain't taken that Goddamn sign down yet - those lazy sons-a- bitches ... I tells kem, I tells kem every goddamn year, `` Take the Goddamn Freda sign down, you lazy sons-a-bitches!''
I recommend amputation.
Warning! Assholes are closer than they appear! The dog is barking insanely.
You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you ... then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here ... I'm right here ... and you ... you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not?
Leave the gun.
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
As President of the Board of Supervisors, it's my duty to make this announcement. Both Mayor Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk have been shot ... and killed. GASPS from the REPORTERS. Dianne struggles to be heard.
You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing.
Whyn't you go back home to your papa?
It's really common. Hmong girls over here fit in better, we adjust. The girls go to college, the boys go to jail.
I've stared into the face of evil ... ... and I've lived to tell the tale. Now ... for your own sake ... let me write it down.
Where's that money, you stupid, silly old fool? Where's the money? Do you realize what this means? It means bankruptcy and scandal, and prison!
I know you think my dad's harmless, but you're wrong. He's doing massive psychological damage to me.
Good Lord - he's got a point.
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it.
I had it all. Even the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, proof they were crafted by the honest, simple, hard-working indigenous peoples of wherever.
Yes, course I do. What Freud said about the Irish is We're the only people impervious to psychoanalysis.
My husband tells me you're in sharks.
I Am Jack's Smirking Revenge.
As you can see, we've had our eye on you for some time now, Mr. Anderson.
I'm really disappointed, Racine. I've been living vicariously off you for years. If you shut up on me, I'll have just my wife.
You open that trunk, they go inside.
Oh, Jesus, Sally, you are such a Goddamned good person! Capital G. You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint! Beyond fucking com-pare.
It ain't over, motherfucker. You're gon na die screaming and I'm gon na watch. Am I telling the truth ...?
It's safer to teach you English.
But I can't. I will never forget these words: `` With great power comes great responsibility.''
Strong survival instinct. Admire that in a woman.
I know that Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it.
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me! That's the only reason! Without me, you, personally, every fuckin'wiseguy skell around'll take a piece of your fuckin'Jew ass! Then where you gon na go?! You're fuckin'warned! Don't ever go over my fuckin'head again! You motherfucker, you!
How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you ask me! Have you any idea of the thing you will become?
Look. Nobody's feelings are getting hurt here. She already knows Leslie's coming To New York tomorrow. They all understand. This is the Circus. Everybody's trying not to go home. Nobody's saying goodbye.
If the sky were to suddenly open up ... there would be no law ... there would be no rule. There would only be you and your memories ... the choices you've made and the people you've touched. The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged ... by which you must judge yourself. Because when this world ends, there will only be you and him ... and no one else.
Remember, it's not I who have won, but you. Your will is my strength, and your need is my justice, and I shall live in your right and your will. And if any man tries to stop me from fulfilling that right and that will, I'll break him. I'll break him with my bare hands. For I have the strength of many.
Spark, gas ... bad combination. And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
Who are we kidding? Look at that -- look how she moves -- it's like jello on springs -- they must have some sort of a built-in motor. I tell you it's a whole different sex.
Take me! Come into me! God damn you! Take me! Take me!
I would flip through catalogs and wonder, `` What kind of dining set defines me as a person?'' We used to read pornography. Now it was the Horchow Collection.
I myself shall play the role of James Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf Wtherich, sent over from the Porsche factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany. This mechanic was himself fated to die in a car crash in Germany twenty- six years later. And the third and in some ways most important party, the college student Donald Turnupseed, played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
So ... this is the answer to all the riddles. Here in the wild I have you. Two halflings and a host of men at my call. The Ring of power within my grasp.
That's what makes Rangers badass, we get the best flashlights.
Listen to me. Listen! I'm going to take your family apart piece by piece.
I don't believe you, Margaret. Frank wasn't like that. I'm the villain in the family, remember?
If the number's in there, I'll find it.
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
You saved me, Scully. As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing. I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win.
Kill me! Find me a door somewhere - I walked in without knocking!
I need to draw some blood ...
Show them the courage of Allah.
Now, move, honkie! Before I cut your white ass!
That was the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course, and inherited his millions. The crash of 28 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol in his mouth that year. His children fought over the scraps of his estate like hyenas, or so I read.
You need more roughage. A bran muffin in the morning would help with that.
Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother -- -- who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw your eyes last night. I don't want to ever see your eyes like that again, okay? I'm serious.
This is a revolution of the mind.
You came in that thing? You're braver that I thought.
I thought you might like it. It's yours, a gift from me.'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is'- This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written -- type it!
Yeah. So do you do anal? Is it true that chicks fart if you blast them in the ass?
I used to like to play with my Ken and Barbie dolls, Ken was my favorite. Then one Christmas I got them a camper, and all they wanted to do was hang out in it by themselves. So I wasn't too upset when they took that wrong turn and went over a cliff.
Well look at that. The Good Lord's a bit shorter than I reckoned.
No -- this is more than Nixon ever sweated.
Those giraffes you sold me won't mate! All they do is run around not mating! YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH
Captain's log, U.S.S. Enterprise, Stardate 8769.24. This is the final cruise of the Starship Enterprise under my command. This ship and her history will shortly become the care of a new generation. To them and their posterity will we commit our future. They will continue the voyages we have begun and journey to ALL the undiscovered countries, boldly going where no man ... where no ONE has gone before.
... new improved Joker brand. With the secret ingredient ... SMYLENOL! Let's go to our blind taste test.
A thousand dollars to the man who brings me Howard Cosell's toupee! Dead or alive!
I remember that sound! That's a bad sound!
Talk, you unreconstructed whelp of a whore! Where they headed?
... because like I said, it's a decision you'll have to live with the rest of your life. Which at this point I figure is ... ... another 35 seconds.
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her. What the hell's the point in me being here otherwise?!
Attention, shoppers. There's a Retail Rodeo special on aisle three. Liquid drain cleaner. Two 12-ounce cans for $ 5. Liquid drain cleaner has churning power and will churn right through your pipes. Ladies, shove something clean and new up your filthy pipes. Liquid drain cleaner on aisle three. Have a good day and thank you for shopping at Retail Rodeo.
She has found love again. With Christop Crane.
From the sound of your footsteps, I gathered that you were not in a particularly amiable mood.
And there was nothing we could do. Batts was a made man and Tommy wasn't. We had to sit still and take it. It was among the Italians. It was real greaseball shit. They even shot Tommy in the face so his mother couldn't give him an open coffin at the funeral.
You become what you always were. A very big fish. And that's the way it happens.
Whoah, that's gon na be like a billion transfers to get back to my house.
I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
I beat you, you old bitch! Next time take your Geretol! The old woman bends down, beneath Stephanie's view. Stephanie looks about. Where'd she go? The old woman pops up into view, raising a chunk of concrete and ... CRASHI Stephanie SCREAMS as the window shatters. The old woman's head juts into the cart She clamps her toothless maw down upon Stephanie.'s chin. Suckling it, gumming. The old woman's good eye rolls about in ecstacy. Stephanie SHRIEKS as she pushes the slobbering head away. Strands of spittle form a bridge from the old woman's mouth to Ste phanie's jaw. The old woman's wrinkled hands grope about the front seat. She finds her dentures, now damaged from the fight. She GRUNTS as she jams them back into her mouth. She comes at Stephanie, mouth wide open and SHRIEKING! Stephanie grabs the wooden ruler from her cardboard box and shoves it down the old lady's throat. Mrs. Ganush gags, trying to retch up the ruler.
We've got such sights to show you -
'Beware the beast man, for he is the devil's pawn. Alone among God's primates, he kills for sport, or lust or greed. Yes, he will murder his brother to possess his brother's land. Let him not breed in great numbers, for he will make a desert of his home and yours. Shun him. Drive him back into his jungle lair: For he is the harbinger of death'.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream. No wonder I'm fucking exhausted.
Howdy, Uuuh ... how you guys doin'?
Hey. When we get back? We really will have to try this in the sim.
You may count on my steel.
Jesus, but if you two aren't the biggest fuck-ups I've ever seen in my life ... How did you ever rob a bank? When you robbed banks, did you have to look for your car then too? No wonder you went to jail.
Let's pray appeasement doesn't run in families. I fear weakness does.
Yessir, happy to. Ensign authorization code: Nine-Five- Wictor Wictor-Two --
I ain't getting him no fuckin'bagel.
Did you want to talk to me?
Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
Smile you're at Mr. Smiley's.
Why? Because I've seen enough horror movies to know masked weirdos are never friendly.
Kid, you were a big fish in a small pond. This here is the ocean, and you're drowning. Take my advice and go back to Puddleville. You'll be happy there.
Yeah. The deep South.
Why settle for a peek when you can see everything from Lookout Mountain?
TIME IS TIGHT JANET DO IT RIGHT JANET UNTIL TOMORROW NIGHT, JANET.
I ain't draft dodgin'! I ain't goin'to Canada. I ain't burnin'my draft card. I ain't burnin'the flag. I'm stayin'right here. And you want to throw me in jail? Go ahead. I'll do my time. I been in jail four hundred years. I'll be in jail four, five more. But I ain't goin'ten thousand miles to help murder and kill poor people for you.'Cause if I'm gon na die, I'll die now, right here, fighting you. If I wan na die. You my enemy, not Vietcong or Chinese or Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. You want me to go somewhere for you, but you won't even stand up for me in America, for my rights and beliefs, you won't even stand up for me here at home.
You have the heart of a king.
It's a three-act story with a tragic end.
What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
All the things you probably hate about travelling - The recycled air. The artificial lighting. The digital juice dispensers and mini pizzas stacked to their heat lamps are the warm reminders that I am home.
We're trapped in this house forever ... with those ... people.
It must be the most marvelous supper. We may not eat it, but it must be marvelous.
Suddenly I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do - and that was to do myself in, to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever.
... Do you realize I haven't gotten stoned since the trial started?
You have bled with Wallace! Now bleed with me!
Careful. The second you don't respect this, it kills you.
Everyone remember where we parked.
Dear God, it's growing bigger!
I know your face. owyn owyn.
That maniac should be wearing a number, not a badge.
Your daughter. Her name is Hope.
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.
I have done that ... killed women and children ... I have killed most everything that walks or crawls an'now I have come to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned. Now step aside. boys.
Way to go, Paula! Way to go!
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when it's lubricated.
How do you know of the key?
A strange wang right in my palm.
How could there have been witnesses? It was so dark. We were running and I fell and Jack went to help me up and this thing came from nowhere ... I don't understand what they're talking about.
We're here representing Max. You're acting like a Puerto Rican on the fifteenth of the month.
You think she just woke up one morning and said, `` I think I'll go to law school today!''?
That was not Mozart laughing, Father. That was God. That was God! God laughing at me through that obscene giggle. Go on, Signore. Laugh. Rub my nose in it. Show my mediocrity for all to see. You wait! I will laugh at You! Before I leave this earth, I will laugh at You! Amen!
You don't like her. My mother don't like her. She's a dog, and I'm a fat, ugly little man. All I know is I hadda good time last night. I'm gon na have a good time tonight. If we have enough good times together, I'm gon na go down on my knees and beg that girl to marry me. If we make a party again this New Year's, I got ta date for the party. You don't like her, that's too bad.
Did you ever feel as if your mind had started to erode?
Queen Elizabeth is a man! Prince Charles is a faggot! Winston Churchill was full of shit!
We can't stay here looking for her. She doesn't want to be found ...
In the year of our Lord 1314, patriots of Scotland, starving and outnumbered, charged the fields of Bannockburn. They fought like warrior poets. They fought like Scotsmen. And won their freedom. Forever.
The Precogs are never wrong. They emit a single disc. `` The immutable evidence of the infallible system.''
Why don't they have TV shows about people whose daily lives you'd be interested in watching.Y'know. Like SKINNY LITTLE WEAKLING. Or BIG FAT GUY. SICK OLD MAN. FAMILY OF LOSERS. Wouldn't that be good?
I'm ready when you are, Officer Pembry.
It seems, however, that I really am the luckiest guy in the world. Several years of addiction right in the middle of an epidemic, surrounded by the living dead, but not me -- I'm negative. It's official. And once the pain goes away, that's when the real battle starts. Depression. Boredom. You feel so fucking low, you'll want to fucking top yourself.
Quickly, muster a top your steed. Get on the god damn horse! I don't think he's kidding!
Hey, why are you so depressed? You'll forget him in a week. Listen, after you're elected senior queen you'll have so many boys after your bod --
I get darn sick of picking up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy that sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes. I've had twenty- six years of that, Walter, and I --
During wartime the national suicide rate goes down.
I just can't believe we're just gon na walk into certain death.
Stuttering Stanley! Stuttering Stanley!
Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.
Think before you drink and before you drive me mad Bandy.
The `` Citizen Kane'' of gore movies.
Don't feel drunk.
Don't dream it. Be it.
Y'see, I'm not a young thing any longer .... Funny the way things go. Don't you find that, Jimmy? Never the way you expected.
Every man's got a breaking point.
I think I should warn you all: It's never pretty when a vampire buys it. No two bloodsuckers ever go out the same way. Some scream and yell. Some go quietly. Some < u > ex < /u > plode. Some < u > implode < /u >. But < u > all < /u > will try to take you with them.
What didn't you do, stick man? Unfortunately, you don't have the balls to back up the actions of your huge cock.
There! Full impulse power! Not so wounded as we were led to believe -- so much the better ...
Shall we try some `` unsafe velocities?''
Joyless?! I am not joyless! There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, mister smarty man. There is plenty of joy in my life.
Kate, give your old man a little credit. Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool? We've all done it. I'm not going through a lapse. What I've experienced is closer to awakening. I'm not trying to shake your faith. I've just decided not to devote my life to God anymore.
A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go.
Yeah. And with friends like you, who needs friends?
If the sun rises in the morning, it is only because of men of goodwill. And that's all there is between us and the Devil.
When I can walk, I'll run.
I just wanted to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
The name's Gibbons. You were saying?
Alma, I think there's some dirty business going on in this town.
I thought you'd like to keep this.
So, what you are saying is: it isn't enough that you fired me. For no good reason! Now you question my integrity? On top of the humiliation of being fired? You threaten me?! You threaten my family?! It never crossed my mind not to honor my agreement ... But I will tell you, Mr. Sandefur, and Brown & Williamson, too ... Fuck me? Well, fuck you!!
Never, oh! Never, nothing will die. the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die.
'Opportunity will step out of the way to let a man ... pass it by.'
O.K., time to put the women and children to bed, and go looking for dinner.
I want to live a real life. I don't want to dream any longer.
It ain't right, stealing from a pregnant lady.
From the time they make the call, the police can have the center of the city sealed tight in fifteen minutes.
I was all right! He'd walk forty miles for liquor and not forty inches for kindness.
I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar.
What a crock of shit! Have you ever heard more bullshit and drivel from somebody who wasn't President?
Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
Why the long face?
You guys don't take anything seriously do you? That's not on a hard drive?
John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch-shouldered and sharply handsome despite the fact that he is missing all his front teeth.
You know, a good cop won't let you know he knows you're fulla shit.
I hope for your sake that you are initiating a mating ritual.
Unh ... unh ... unh ... I din't hear you wash your hands.
I am driving down the street with your head stuck in my window. What do you think I am doing you penis?
This ain't my dreamland. KRISTEN. IF YOU HERE I'M GON NA POUND YOUR ASS!!
Okay. I think ... I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it, I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do. I'm getting confused.
My God, you've gotten fat. Come in. Come, come.
We should've gotten him a live chicken.
Our vibrations were getting nasty -- but why? Was there no communication in this car? Had we deteriorated to the level of dumb beasts?
You were right, Henry. It's not enough ... But it's close.
Forget the curveball. Go with the heater.
Forget him, sir. It's only Pollux Troy ...
Be careful with that phone, lieutenant. I wouldn't want you to get a tumor.
My dear, I am the soul of discretion.
They say if you lie between two of the main wires, your body just evaporates. You become a gas. I wonder what that would feel like.
Yes! Lying is always a very effective dating tool.
Space, the final frontier ... These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise ... Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life and new civilizations ... To boldly go where no man has gone before ...
Why? It's a dirty job, but I pay clean money for it, don't I?
Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John.
Yeah this is where society dumps its worst nightmares. Yeah the one your picking up-just thinking about him gives me the willies. Yeah, a decade ago, Halloween night he murdered 16 people, maybe more-trying to get to his sister. Nearly got her too. But his doctor, of all people, shot him six times. Then he set him on fire. Both of them nearly burned to death. Yeah, I'll be glad to see this one gone. Oh yes in deedie.
But for Pops, it isn't just a sport. It's way more important than that. It's like a religion and in our house, the Major Sponsors are kinda like the devil. The coldness in Remmington's eyes belies his smile.
The night is young. Anyway, it was logical. You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough. After a few weeks, he was carved out of wood.
Why is that door closed?
Can I make a suggestion that doesn't involve violence, or is this the wrong crowd?
I'm getting good stuff out here.
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For Ine'er saw true beauty till this night.
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
If you'll excuse me, I got ta go home and have a heart attack.
L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician. You know the ethics those guys have? It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.
You've heard of the golden rule, haven't you boy?
But I'm supposed to be in it. I was the Thirteenth Apostle.
Just old age. It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, you don't look forward to being cured of. You ought to see Mr. Leland. There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to.
John, I'm twenty-six years old I didn't run away from home.
`` Listen to Tommy with a candle burning and you will see your entire future ...''
Ever hear of the Ozone layer, asshole?
You ether do what the fuck we tell you to, or I'll bury this axe in your collaborating skull.
`` Whatever moral ascendance the West held was lost today. India is free for she has taken all that steel and cruelty can give, and she has neither cringed nor retreated.'' `` In the words of his followers,'Long live Mahatma Gandhi.'``
You will put this madman where no one can hear his insanity. Let him be fed by a deaf mute. But feed him well, and let him have a long life within the Iron Mask.
Stay alive a little longer.
It gets easier, doesn't it? Once you open the door it never closes.
There are no goodbyes for us, Charlie. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart ...
A whole club of pirates, with pirate names ...
Never trust a fucking angel.
Neither country provebs nor king's command can keep me out of the woods today.
Anne Schuyler's in the Blue Book - you're not even in the phone book. Think that one over, sucker.
This guy's not a driver. He's an undertaker.
Don King talks black, lives white and thinks green! Why you defending him and `` brother'' Herbert?
It's the simple things In life you treasure.
I live in a swamp. I put up signs. I'm a terrifying ogre! What do I have to do get a little privacy? front door to throw the Wolf out and he sees that all the collected Fairy Oh, no. No! No!
Consort? What does thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords. Here's my fiddlestick. Here's that shall make you dance! Zounds, Consort!
Do you have the slightest idea what a moral and ethical principal is? Do you?
My father was an exceptional man.
Whatever I photograph -
NICK: Adversary? Well surely you mean adversary, old boy? 451.11 SCENE 80 - ANGLE BACK ON SCREEN AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO COOKING SHOW. CHEF: ... vinaigrette for arugula salad ... 455.00 SCENE 81 - BACK ON NICK CHANGING CHANNEL. 457.01 SCENE 82 - BACK ON TV SHOWING NEWS. JUDY WOODRUFF: ... additional women's political caucus ... 458.15 SCENE 83 - BACK ON NICK MOANING AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL AGAIN. TRAINER O.S.: ... the pelvis up. Keep lifting. 463.00 SCENE 84 - ANGLE ON SCREEN AS TRAINER DOES GLUTE EXERCISES. TRAINER: ... 4-5-6 ... 466.11 SCENE 85 - BACK ON NICK. NICK: Ah, buns of steel. I'd steal her buns if I could. 473.15 SCENE 86 - OTS ON TV AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO MEN'S GYMNASTICS. ANNOUNCER: And here it comes ... FLAWLESS DISMOUNT.
You didn't invite me, so I crashed!
As much as God loves you.
We now return to `` Bullit'' already in progress.
I misjudged you WalterI knew you'd sell your mother for an Etruscan vase. But I didn't know you'd sell your country and your soul to the slime of humanity.
But soft, what light through yonder window breaks?
Anne, Burden's Landing is a place on the moon. It isn't real. It doesn't exist. It's me pretending I live on what I earn. It's my mother trying to keep herself young, and drinking herself old doing it. It's you and Adam living in this house as though your father were still alive. It's an old man like the Judge dreaming of the past ... Anne, come away with me.
-- I'm tired of your chickenshit games -- I don't want hints, I want what you know!
Wha-at. You didn't really think we'd kill the flucking koala bear, did you?
Dost thou have a mug of ale for me and me mate? He has been pitched in battle for a fortnight an has a King's thirst for the beer thust thou might have for thust.
We aren't gon na arrest him for that ...
But this country's seen a good number of disagreements over the years.
Hello Peter. What's happening? Um, I'm gon na need you go ahead and come in tomorrow. So if you could be here around nine, that would be great. Oh, oh, yeaI forgot. I'm gon na also need you to come in Sunday too. We, uh, lost some people this week and we need to sorta catch up. Thanks.
This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
That Casy. He might a been a preacher, but -- he seen a lot a things clear. He was like a lantern -- he helped mw see things too.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy-
Uggh, the gods hate me. Some people lose their knife or their mug. No, not me. I manage to lose an entire dragon. Hiccup WHACKS a low-hanging branch. It SNAPS back at him, hitting him in the face. He looks up to see a snapped tree trunk. His eyes follow it to a long trench of up-turned earth. He follows it to a downed, black dragon, its body and tail tangled in a bola. It appears dead. Hiccup approaches, beaming.
Danny, I can't get out!
Gutsiest move I ever saw.
I've looked at so many women ... I mean, I've seen everything about them, everything ... but I never felt a thing. I felt nothing. Now ... with you ... it hurts ... to look at you.
How sweet! Fresh meat!
Maybe I did. But don't get too cocky. No matter how good you are. Don't let them see you coming. That's the gaff, my friend -- make yourself small. Be the hick. The cripple. The nerd. The leper. The shit- kicking surfer. Look at me -- I've been underestimated from day one. Do I look like a master of the universe? That's your only weakness as far as I can tell.
This is deep space commercial vessel SNARK, registration number E180246, calling Antarctica air traffic control. Do you read me? Over.
Oh, yeah! Ah! Ah! Thank you! Thank you very much! I'm here till Thursday. Try the veal! Ha, ha!
I'm your boyfriend now ...
The hospitality here is as warm as the weather.
Every second we stand here arguing is a second lost.
Not after the ... first bit. It's funny, though, isn't it? All that poetry, and all those songs and films, about something that lasts no time at all?
You're not listening.
I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
Ten. `` X'' marks the spot.
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
The assassin always dies, baby. It's necessary for the national healing.
It was amazing, Daph ... I'm like: `` Well my Mom'll be out of town.'' And he's like `` Well then, maybe we could -- you know ...'' And I'm like `` Yeah, sure.'' And he's like `` Well, cool.'' I know, he's just so smart. I don't know. Maybe that black thing I just got. It is not slutty, Daph, it's cute. Well, `` hello?'' He's not coming over here to study ... I know. Well I'm jealous of you too sometimes.
I love you, Will, beyond poetry.
Not only do I look like Meir- schultz -- I AM Meirschultz. I will be a great man.
The box ... you opened it. We came.
Hurry, gim me the phone. Two niggers just stole my track.
Ladies and gentlemen ... our fugitive's been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground - barring injury is approximately four miles an hour, giving us a radius of six miles. I want a hard-target search of any residence, gas station, farmhouse, henhouse, doghouse and outhouse in that area. Check-points go up at 15 miles. You got that? Good. Now, turn those damn things off and get out of our way.
Hey, I'm very sorry that the government taxes their tips. That's fucked up. But that ain't my fault. it would appear that waitresses are just one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. You show me a paper says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it. Put it to a vote, I'll vote for it. But what I won't do is play ball. And this non- college bullshit you're telling me, I got two words for that: `` Learn to fuckin type.'' Cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent, you're in for a big fuckin surprise.
... Mistuh Fink, they have not invented a genre of picture that Bill Mayhew has not, at one time or othuh, been invited to essay. I have taken my stabs at the wrastlin'form, as I have stabbed at so many others, and with as little success. I gather that you are a fresh-man here, eager for an upperclassman's council. However, just at the moment ...
That was some real John Wayne shit, Sergeant. Nantz tries to shrug it away. But Martinez nails him.
Okay, yes. He totalled a car. But it was an environmentally friendly car. Why doesn't that get reported?
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Hey there mister science-guy. Don't spray that aerosol in my eye. For I don't really want to die. I'm a noble rabbit!
Not born ... shit into existence.
You don't walk off a building without leaving something behind.
Huh. The Dahlia's a sister?
What hath God wrought?
Goodnight, little girl. up closer into the closet, and we a widened blue eye and part of a face
Don't bring her here! I'm not even fuckin'joking with you, don't you be bringing some fucked up pooh-butt to my house!
Because You will not enter me, with all my need for you; because You scorn my attempts at virtue; because You choose for Your instrument a boastful, lustful, smutty infantile boy and give me for reward only the ability to recognize the Incarnation; because You are unjust, unfair, unkind, I will block You! I swear it! I will hinder and harm Your creature on earth as far as I am able. I will ruin Your Incarnation.
I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind.
A very basic strategy - if your enemies know where you are, then don't be there.
I would tell you to go to hell. But I think you're already there.
He has you on a pedestal. And me in his arms.
Hey Johny'ever eaten human flesh? When we get to New York, I know this chick ...
It is most gratifying that your enthusiasm for our planet continues unabated. As a token of our appreciation, we hope you will enjoy the two thermonuclear missiles we've just sent to converge with your craft. To ensure on-going quality of service, your death may be monitored for training purposes. Thank you.
I was at the Battle of Georgetown. I watched the White House burn to the ground. Don't try to sell me on any restored U.S ...
Fuckin'Ricans think they know everything. If they knew shit they wouldn't be Puerto Ricans.
What an asshole. Didn't you see `` Boys in the Hood''? Now one of us is gon na get shot.
... people are just crazy in this world, I think ....
Excuse me, My LorJ There'5 something I must convey to you. 1 rode a little way along the track to Rorke'5 Drift. The sky above is red with fire. Your Orders, My Lord? Do we move to the Drift?
What could I do? He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me.
I don't know about you, Miss Kitty, but I feel. So. Much. Yummier.
I wouldn't like to take a bite of you; you're a cookie full of arsenic.
Okay, I don't want to be accused of micro managing but I personally do not see that`I heart Huckabees'should be on the list of dvds suitable for forces entertainment. That self-indulgent crap is not suitable entertainment for combat troops. And where's`United 93'on here? That should be playing 24/7.
Let's cut through the crap. I only got one thing to say to you. Just rear back and strike this motherfucker out.
I'm Superman. SuperTramp.
Forgive me, Majesty. I'm a vulgar man. But I assure you, my music is not.
Sorry Mr. Fredricksen. You don't seem like a public menace to me. Take this.
Take a shot, he says! -- Sure, I'll take a shot!
If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
There will be blood tonight!!
May the forks be with us!
Don't translate asides.
Well, no wonder; I'm only flesh and blood. That's no match -- is it? -- for the printed page.
Tell me. When you grew up in Brooklyn, how many astronauts did you know? You went your own way then. You didn't listen to people. So why start now ...?
Man oh man ... Man oh man oh man ...
My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice. Right now, anyway. I can't tell from one moment to the next what I'm going to like. But right now I'm glad you said, `` that's okay'' to me. That was nice of you.
I'll be honest with you Bud. I'm getting sorta concerned about what I'm seeing in some of these re-runs ...
Surely I have made my meaning plain. I mean to avenge myself upon you, Admiral. I've deprived your ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of your life --
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face.
It happens sometimes. People just explode. Natural causes.
If we were equal I wouldn't be here, I'd be at home with my family and no-one would give a damn.
Ok. I'll set the building on fire.
I went into a store, I bought a rifle. I was gon na ... You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself. The only thing that mighta stopped me, might've, is my parents would be devastated. I would, I woulda had to shoot them, also, first. And then, I have an aunt and uncle, I would have ... You know, it would have been a bloodbath.
I don't want to resort to threats, Mr. Harley. I simply tell you bluntly that the future of your planet is at stake ... I suggest you transmit that message to the nations of the Earth.
Better step on it Frenchie!
Oh, honey ... you made a little joke. Good for you.
I probably could've saved her if I'd moved sooner ... But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before. There ... was this guy who had knives for fingers ...
The restored United States. Do these people really believe that shit? Who are you really?
Can I borrow your towel for a minute?
Here we are sir. Life is full of surprises. Ladies and gentlemen, consider the fate of this creature's poor mother. In the fourth month of her maternal condition, she was struck down by a wild elephant Struck down, if you take my meaning, on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see ladies and gentlemen ... THE TERRIBLE ELEPHANT
Risk nothing, you gain nothing.
Don't nothing happen in Devil's Kettle.
Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York likewe're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
Whatta wes'pose to do -- kiss'em?
Thus with a kiss I die.
Come, beloved. It's time we were on our way. I'm hungry and the city waits.
Better get under cover, Sylvester -- there's a storm blowing up -- a whopper, to speak in the vernacular of the peasantry. Poor little kid -- I hope she gets home all right.
'Don't worry, that guy's got ta see us!'These were the confident last words of the brilliant young Hollywood star James Dean as he piloted his Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a date with death on a lonely stretch of California two-lane blacktop, Route 466.'Don't worry, that guy's got ta see us.'The year, 1955; the day, September thirtieth; the time: now.
Are you taking the piss?
I am wasted on cross-country! We dwarves are natural sprinters! Very dangerous over short distances!
Saudis, like Americans, don't do manual labor. Blowing leaves is beneath them.
It's my job, no big deal. I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santa Claus.
But if you fuck this up, I will smash your ankles with a sledge hammer.
Be silent! Keep your forked tongue behind you teeth. I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm!
You been a bad girl, Grace. You took my heart from your Mama, didn't ya? You betrayed her! Like you did me. There ain't no forgivin'ya, girl!
He doesnt want us to cut through our chains. He wants us to cut through our feet. I think I may know whos done this to us.
You do not believe me? You will, Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer.
Shake a leg, Junior! Thank God your mama died givin'birth-if she'd a seen ya she'd a died of shame ...
A million terrorists in the world and I kill the one with feet smaller than my sister.
I am. I met him fifteen years ago. I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him and another seven trying to keep him locked away when I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply ... evil.
No - but look - maybe we could do something else together, Mrs. Robinson - would you like to go to a movie.
It went straight for the warhead. And they think it's cute.
You're out! I'm not working with either one of you!
I knew there was a reason I wore a skirt today.
I've come for you, Margaret.
It's nice to see you, Ms. Wade. If anybody needs me, I'll be in the Roosevelt Room, giving Lewis oxygen.
This was to be my final hit. But let's be clear about this: there's final hits and final hits. What kind was this to be? {-- -- -- -- -- Some final hits are actually terminal one way or another, while others are merely transit points as you travel from station to station on the junky journey through junky life. -- -- -- -- -- }
You were defending him! You love him. You want to have like, ten thousand of his babies.
Well, you have your war.
Darkness warshed over the Dude --darker'n a black steer's tookus on a moonless prairie night. There was no bottom.
Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw? The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart?
Steak tartar? Oh yes, steak tartar.
Listen, you promise me something, okay? Just if you're ever in trouble, don't try to be brave, you just run, okay? Just run away.
My daughter will teach you our ways. Learn well, Jakesully. We will see if your insanity can be cured.
We've already had one radical in the White House. I don't think we could survive another.
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us. There were twenty boats floating nearby and only one came back. One. Six were saved from the water, myself included. Six out of fifteen hundred.
... For Pete's s- he's fleein'the interview. He's feelin'the interview ...
I mean there's nothin'wrong with me, I don't like boys.
I am the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete of Caborca.
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS! I ONLY RECORD IT!
Price didn't make the guest list ... The house did. It wants vengeance.
These are all my dolls. I use to like to chop their heads off.
Now, don't you forget this! Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!
You know I got ta hunch, fat man. I got ta hunch it's me from here on in ... One ball, corner pocket. I mean, that ever happen to you? When all of a sudden you feel like you can't miss? I dreamed about this game, fat man. I dreamed about this game every night on the road ... five ball ... You know, this is my table, man. I own it.
Alright - bring on the free hootch.
OK, now I'm going to do his teeth and cut off his fingers. You might want to leave the room.
There's no such thing as tough, Creasy. Just trained and untrained.
Turn off that tape recorder.
Great, a fucking tank. That should send us on our way.
Look to my coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the east.
Tomo-chan told me to watch it.
Don't kill anybody until we get back to you ...
That's funny. You're gon na look funnier suckin'my dick with no fuckin'teeth.
Oh, she doesn't know about it yet. Right now, of the two of us, I'm the only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
Remember what Mr. Halloran said. It's just like pictures in a book, Danny. It isn't real.
You're going to do great things. This place has an identity now -- a purpose. It has you.
Don't ever stop fucking me!
Unicron, my `` master,'' with this I shall make you my slave!
You really think the difference'tween this guy and that guy is luck? Mohammed, pull over.
I let you touch me, cowboy ... I think I need a bath.
I'll tell you later. That Gurganov, you never know whether he's on his way to the washroom or the Secret Police.
There are no such things as werewolves. Please, dear boy, have some pity.
Hold onto that coin you flipped. Game keeps up like this I'll have to borrow it.
I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive ...
Deja vu, all over again ...
Life is pain. Get used to it. See, you will ride this bike home, princess. You will ride it and you will not fall again, is that understood ...?
Shutup! -- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after --
The sight of Tracy at that moment affected me in a way I can't fully explain. Part of it was that she was spying, but mostly it was her face. Looking at her, you might think she was a sweet, innocent teenage girl. But she wasn't sweet. And she wasn't innocent. She was selfish and cynical and ambitious and thought nothing of destroying the lives of others to get to the top. who knew how high she would climb in life, how many people would suffer because of her? I had to stop her now.
This was a superior machine -- ten grand worth of gimmicks and high price special effects. The rear windows leapt up with a touch like frogs in a dynamited pond. The dashboard was full of esoteric lights and dials and meters that I would never understand.
Did I ever tell you I've been struck by lightning seven times. Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
Ahhhhhhh. There are some mistakes you can not risk when you have kids ... Please, are you ready to go?
Religion is flawed, Mr. Langdon, but only because man is flawed. Including this one.
Stop. Her blood is clean, you're killing her.
They grab Ugarte and she walks in. Well, that's the way it goes. One in, one out. Sam?
Listen to me. The Ancient Japanese considered the Go board to be a microcosm of the universe. Although when it is empty it appears to be simple and ordered, in fact, the possibilities of game play are endless. They say that no two Go games have ever been alike. Just like snowflakes. So, the Go board actually represents an extremely complex and chaotic universe. That is the truth of our world, Max. It can't be easily summed up with math. There is no simple pattern.
They know about us. They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses.
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Salt. Gathered from the tears of a thousand martyrs. Restraining the essence of Sammael, the hell hound, the seed of destruction.
Concentrate now. This is for the gold.
Ring rubber bells, beat cotton gongs, strike silken cymbals ...
You bastard! You fucked my freedom for a lousy job!
Yeah. And apparently, you don't even realize it. What does it matter if I refer to her as a dyke, or if I call the Whalers a bunch of faggots in the privacy of my own office, far from the sensitive ears of the rest of the world?
I feel like an idiot fainting in a stranger's office.
They're driving me crazy! These Baptists are stupid, stupid, STUPID!
What a splendid idea This Christmas sounds fun I fully endorse it Let's try it at once
I'm coming. Keep your pantyhose on.
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark ...
That's how easy it is to give to charity around here. Don't put your shit on the floor.
You called me. You wanted my help. You know, Lenny, I've had more rewarding friendships than this one. Although I do get to keep using the same jokes.
Kids. Ten seconds of joy. Thirty years of misery.
Then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river or just sit for hours gazing into each other's eyes. We were so very much in love. Then one day he went away and I thought I'd die. But I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself, `` Is that all there is to love?''
Torture! Torture! It pleasures me!
Join the mobile infantery and save the world! Service guarantees citizen-ship. Would you like to know more?
We're all very happy that you're going to live, John Book. We didn't quite know what we were going to do with you if you died.
Look at it this way: in a hundred years, who's gon na care?
Do you know what his soul said to me without saying a word? When he put me in that trance ...
... And everything is nothing too.
Get off. Fucking faggot! Did you see that?! Your dyke courting ass just got me scored on!
I'm gon na solve this case myself. Taxi!
Oh God this is one of those key moments in life, when it's possible you can be really, genuinely cool -- and I'm going to fail a hundred percent. I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends. What do you think?
I can hear it now, it's gon na be the goddamned'Phone Book Killer'.
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole!
Fuck me, Santa! Fuck me, Santa!
... No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man to help somehow to ease his suffering. Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it.
The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
Strictly speakin', I'm never spozed to do this but ... have you got a better idea?
Gawd look at that thing! You would have gone straight to the bottom.
A young man trying to impress beyond his abilities. Too much spice. Too many notes.
The guy can turn out a hinge in less than a minute? Why the long story?
... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt ... Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?
My room. Definitely my room.
He's a writer, not a madman.
It's what I hate about this government - everything in red!
Enough romance, let's fuck.
... I want you to give this scumbag a cavity search. I'm talking Roto-Rooter. Don't stop'till you reach the back of his teeth.
You have the grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Now let's see how she reacts when we take away the puppy
Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
Everybody that she plays with dies.
Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
Carol, it's Mrs. Lockhart. Answer me truthfully. When was the last time you looked in on the children?
A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. People kill for it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now because of the Catholic Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullshit. And whether they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting that belief, and if they're successful, you, me. all of this ... ends in a heartbeat. All over a belief.
I'm not letting you get rid of me. How about that?
Man, I got a shelf life of ten years, tops! My next contract's got ta bring me the dollarsthat'11 last me and mine a very long time. I'm out of this sport in five years. What's my family gon na live on? What you get me. So I don't want to hear about ya shit, your `` nya nya nya.''
Lets take a vote. A simple vote. Two choices; we clean up the mess. Right now. Bury it in the desert, go home, and never look back. Or, we can call the police ... Open those doors, roll the dice and hope that it's only Michael who falls. Let's take a vote. Desert ... or police?
Your sister is really turning into a fox.
Nothing. The same thing. Not a fucking trace. No bodies, blood, anything.
What can I say? I'm a spy.
So, if the party starts at eight, why are we first going to a bar at ten?
I'm sickened. Your whole havoc-inducing, thieving, whoring generation disgusts me.
Cheer up! All the best people have bad chests and bone diseases! It's all frightfully romantic!
When they touch down and we blow the roof, they'll spend a month sifting through the bodies and rubble. By the time they figure out what went wrong ... ... we'll be earning twenty percent like nice fat Capitalists.
... That Buford's a sly one. Already knows his ABCs. But I'm sayin', how'd ya get the kid?
Ask yourself, why do you seek the Cup of Christ? Is it for His glory, or for yours?
You will say I should have known terrible things were about to happen, and perhaps I should have. But even so, what could I have done by then? Wade never went inside. He lived almost wholly out there on his skin, with no interior space to retreat to, even in a crisis.
Great - I'm blind and you're deaf - what a pair.
I'm dying to hear this!!! What the fuck can you do about it -- up in your fucking high window with your goddam binoculars?
Let's just climb upstairs to my office and discuss this like two reasonable ...
You like me. In fact, you're crazy about me. Otherwise, you wouldn't worry about my reputation. Isn't that so?
So, a tough start for the Erie warriors, as they drop a heartbreaker to the Yankees, nine to nothing. The Post Game Show was brought to you by ... Christ. I can't find it. The hell with it. This is Harry Doyle saying good night, everybody, and Happy Hunting.
Harv, babe, I got ta be honest. Your entrance was good. His was better. What's the difference? Showmanship.
Before I was the Thumbprint Killer, Mr. Smith, I killed a lot of people in a lot of different ways.
Stop pointing your fuckin gun at daddy!
When the fight was over, nothing was solved, but nothing mattered.
Why can't you all just die and leave me alone!
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
I like to understand what I'm shown!
Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good and we made the most of it. During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too. I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town. Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order. When I heard about it I wasn't angry. I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things. So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.
I only gamble with my life, never my money.
I've seen guys like you go under before. Guys that never had a worry. Then they got ahold of some dough and went goofy. The first thing that happens to a guy
This is the one. I know I'll be remembered for this film.
Dear me. What is dat unpleasant aroma? I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
Then come with me -- Kirk, you too -- you're not supposed to be here anyway. Radio the engine room, have Chief Engineer Olsen meet us at Shuttle Bay Five.
It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing. And there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it, right? And this bag was just ... dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid. Ever.
... Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN! I tell you I saw blood right on the bottom of her shoes! Not exactly blood - it was GORE! Hanging right there like a runny nose!!
Actually, I don't really remember being born. It musta happened during one of my blackouts.
I think you've had enough tea for today. Let's get you out of here, Buzz.
You tell me, because I don't get it! Look, I'm not rich, my father is. And I didn't pick my father. And if I had a choice between having tons of money or having another father, I'd be absolutely delighted to be poor! But unfortunately life is not a cafeteria!
Yeah. It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place. I tell you, when we first came up here, I thought it was kinda scarey.
Now, young Skywalker ... you will die.
Oh God, please Lord.
What's that? You hear? You hear a little girl, Frankie? You hear a little girl, Ace? Is that a little fuckin'girl?! What happened to the fuckin'tough guy? Told my friend stick it up his fuckin'ass?! Huh?! Huh?!
Don't worry about fingerprints. I never had any.
Not anymore. Her parents found her hanging from a tree. Her insides on the outside.
I'm in pain! And I'm wet! And I'm still hysterical!
Those of us who had been up all night were in no mood for coffee and donuts. We wanted strong drink. We were, after all, the Absolute Cream of the National Sporting Press and we were gathered here, in Las Vegas, for a very special assignment. And when it comes to things like this you don't fool around.
Is that what took Miss Darrow?
You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
Think of it as a hobby. An avocation. Something you do to relax. You can be an assassination enthusiast, a murder bug.
Look! Defenseless babies!
I guess for everyone like me, there's one like you, son. I about forgot that. Buddy holds out his hand to help Bush up but Bush forces himself up on his own and walks out.
It'd be best if you got dressed first.
26 years of experience working against him. He figures anything big enough to sink the ship they're going to see in time to turn. But the ship's too big, with too small a rudder ... it can't corner worth shit. Everything he knows is wrong.
How would I -- Do I laugh now, or wait until it gets funny?
And hour after hour, as I stood there, understanding even more clearly how that bitter old man was still possessing his poor son from beyond the grave, I began to see a way - a terrible way - I could finally triumph over God, my torturer.
Ah, doctors. What's he gon na tell me? Can't trade my head in for a new one.
Does anyone have a question that doesn't relate to Jurassic Park?
You know, you've got a nasty reputation, Mr. Gittes. I like that.
Hiya, Frank. Hiya, Hot Lips.
See you around the cellblock, Mrs. Robinson. Josie turns around and gives him a death look. Tracy turns to Rob.
Oh fucking hell ... I can't ... breath.
I am here tonight to say, we will no longer sit quietly in our closets. We must fight. Not just in the Castro, or San Francisco, but everywhere the Anitas go. Anita Bryant did not win tonight. Anita Bryant has brought us together ... She is going to create a national gay force! And the young people in Richmond, Minnesota, or Jackson, Mississippi, or Woodmere, New York ... Who are coming out and hearing Anita Bryant on television telling them that they're wrong, they're sick, that there is no place for them in this great country, in this world ... They're looking to us for something tonight ... And I say, we have to give them hope! The CROWD goes WILD. HARVEY'S SPEECH CROSSES THE CUT TO ...
Okay, folks, but remember your manners. No stampeding. Walk slow, like you do when you come to pay your taxes.
NO! DON'T GO INTO THE LONG GRASS!
What, you some kinda Asian James Bond?
Because ... the needs of the one outweighed the needs of the many.
Nifty, huh? Goodnight Sweet Prince, parting is... inevitable Now, destroy Superman.
I know that I did a thtupid thing. Tho-thtupid ... getting brathes ... I thought ... I thought that he would love me. ... getting brathes, for what ... for thumthing I didn't even ... i don't know where to put things,y'know?
This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you. Some thoughts have a certain sound ... that being the equivalent to a form. Through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or burst his organs .... We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.
One foot out of that office and your asses are Alpo!
They will take it as proof that I can not bear children. That I am cursed by God. And should be dispensed with.
And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
You're too slow, old man. Attack pattern Shinzon Theta.
They're us. We're them ...
Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, You'd probably short-circuit.
Go ahead. Jump right on into my nightmare. The water's warm.
Er ... I assure you Mrs Buttle, the Ministry is always very scrupulous about following up and eradicating error. If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us! You are a bad man!
Had a little relapse, huh?
Total control now. Tooling along the main drag on a Saturday night in Vegas, two good old boys in a fire apple red convertible ... stoned, ripped, twisted ... Good people!
So's your ol'lady! Tell Pulitzer he needs an appointment with me!
Order some golf shoes. Otherwise, we'll never get out of this place alive. It's impossible to walk in this muck -- no footing at all ...
That was beautiful to watch, Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
I and others have come to believe ... that your heart is not in this, that you haven't the belly for it.
There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, hut there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping you and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there.
I am Jack's Cold Sweat.
Okay, my'caracortada', you can die too. Makes no difference to me.
You're hanging by a very thin thread, dude. And I dig that about you.
You repo men, you guys are all out to fuckin lunch. Let's get out of here.
All things come to those who wait.
You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
How the hell do I know why there were Nazis? I don't know how the can opener works.
You're the only audience I've ever needed.
Well, maybe you better do that, then. You know you guys are all the same. You don't care who gets hurt. You're a bunch of whores. You'd do anything for a dollar. You got no loyalty ... no nothing ... you're a bunch of whores.
Come on ... I'll show you where my dad keeps his gun ... Come on.
Maybe poker's not your game, Ike. I know, let's have a spelling Contest!
... back where I come from there are men who do nothing all day but good deeds. They are called phil ... er -- er -- phil -- er, yes ... good-deed-doers. And their hearts are no bigger than yours. But! They have one thing you haven't got! A testimonial!
Only the crazies. I tend to be suspicious of all true believers. Present company included.
Gim me that baby, you warthog from hell!
Ears and noses will be trophies of the day.
I wasn't thinking anything bad about you, got it?
Then at lunch she got drunker and drunker and finally she became Joan Collins!
It goes back to something my grandmother told me when I was a kid. `` Holden,'' she said `` The big bucks are in dick and fart jokes.'' She was a church-goer.
You're lucky you got to see anybody shot in this war.
... Look. Personally I don't give a shit. I know Marty's a hard-on but you got ta do something. I don't know; give the money back, say you're sorry, or get the fuck out of here, or something ...
How come guys talk so much when they have nothing to say, and girls have plenty to say, but no-one will listen.
You lover your sister? You make any noise, know what happens? I'll kill her instead of you. And if you make any noise, I'll kill her.
All those things I can do, all those powers ... and I still couldn't save him.
I think I came. Didn't you feel it?
Keys, Milo. Get the keys!
Look, something is very wrong! I don't want Santana Abraxis! I've just been in a terrible auto accident! Beat.
The other day I cried, felt stupid. Guess what ... Fuck that other day. Thas why God or whoever make new days. Still hungry tho.
Saturday ... March 24, 1984. Shermer High School, Shermer, Illinois. 60062. Dear Mr. Vernon ... we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was that we did wrong, what we did was wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write this essay telling you who we think we are, what do you care? You see us as you want to see us ... in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athelete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal. Correct? That's the way we saw each other at seveno'clock this morning. We were brainwashed ...
It didn't make sense that I be there. I mean these guys were hard-core hijackers, but there I was. At that point, I wasn't scared, f knew I hadn't done anything they could do me for. Besides, it was fun. I got to make like I was notorious.
You've got a big surprise coming to you.
Thank you. I was going to do a grievous wrong.
And this is English courage.
The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight, it's drawn the finest people.
Don't you ever want to see what's on the other side of the hill?
I don't like to see a woman bleeding from the mouth. It makes me think of Country and Western music. Which I really can't abide.
Build this house with me.
I don't know. Everything seems like nothing now against that I want you in my bed. I don't care if I burn in hell. I don't care if you burn in hell. The Past and Future is a joke to me now. I see that they're nothing, I see they ain't here. The only thing that's here is you. And me. I want you to come upstairs. Now. I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't. I couldn't take everything in a hundred years. It's the way we are. We compound each other.
Jesus, I got a hangover. Want a drink?
Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on
I can't hear anything.
I've been bad. Repeatedly. But why brag? The details of my exploits are only a pretext for a far more expansive consideration of general truths. What is this? It's a philosophy. A poetics. A politics, if you will. A literature of protest. A novel of ideas. A pornographic magazine of truly comic-book proportions. It is, in the end, whatever the hell I want it to be. And when I'm through with it, it's gunna blow a hole this wide straight through the world's own idea of itself!
Glad to be weirdly close. Millicent and Caden study each other.
Each night when I return the cab to the garage I have to clean the come off the back seat. Some nights I clean off the blood.
Nice ... wonder how many steaks I could get out of you ...
First you tell me that you can't commit, then you -- -- WOULD YOU GET DOWN
We gon na jump or jerk off?
With a bit of luck his life was ruined -- forever thinking that just behind some narrow door in all his favorite bars, men in red Pendleton shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know.
You couldn't find your dick in a wind storm!
Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos.
Hot damn, I'm throwin'rocks tonight. Mark it, Dude.
... I just cut the hair ...
He's intelligent, but not experienced. His pattern indicates two dimensional thinking ...
You will be surprised what you will be willing to do when the Lamia comes for you. She considers his words, looks down to the book. CLOSE ON A DIAGRAM OF AN ANIMAL SACRIFICE - A creature's heart being cut from it's body. CAMERA pulls back to reveal that Stephanie now site at her kitchen table, reading the book. We see other diagrams: The heart being placed into a skillet over an open fire. The burial of the smoking heart. Stephanie's kitten PURRS, as it rubs against her leg. Stephanie closes the book, shutting out the disturbing images. She hears the SHRIEK of the rusty gate outside. She moves to the window and peers out. The rusting iron gate is open. Stephanie senses a change in the room ... Shadows shift and grow deeper. The air is suddenly oppressive. Something is coming.
You're right! Absolutely right. Me's a nut case, totally deranged. Delusional! Paranoid. HIS PROCESSOR'S ALL FUCKED UP, HIS INFORMATION TRAY IS JAMMED.
My coalition's phone lines have been flooded with calls from concerned families, wondering if this message signifies the end of the world or the advent of the rapture. We feel that U.S. policy in this matter wants to be extremely conservative -- if there's any chance of danger or threat to our way of life perhaps the message and its contents should simply be disregarded.
Ok. We're looking up money laundering in a dictionary.
It's a trip, you know? When you're a kid, you see the life you want, and it never crosses your mind that it's not gon na turn out that way.
Darling, remember you're Gaston Monescu. You're a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob -- but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
It was fucking obvious that that cunt was going to fuck some cunt.
Why does a junior grade with six months experience and a track record for plea bargaining get assigned a murder case? Would it be so that it never sees the inside of a courtroom?
You are so money, and you don't even know it ...
The vote must be unanimous, Jor-El. It has therefore now become your decision. You alone will condemn us if you wish. And you alone will be held responsible by me. Join us. You have been known to disagree with the Council before. Yours could become an important voice in the New Order - second only to my own. I offer you a chance for greatness, Jor-El. Take it. Join us.
Uh oh, I think I heard a toilet flush. Maybe someone lost their turtle? Everyone has a laugh. Ace looks beaten.
I tried to stand up and fly straight, but it wasn't easy with that sumbitch Reagan in the White House ...
My wife and I had not ... performed the sex act in many years.
Mr. McAllister. Mr. McAllister. Somebody tore down my posters. It's not fair. It's not fair. Can I have an A? Can I have a recommendation? Can I? Can I?
Fair enough. Just get this: I picked you for the job, not because I think you're so darn smart, but because I thought maybe you were a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit. I guess I was all wet. You're not smarter, Walter. You're just a little taller.
Hey, porky pig. I hope you get molested!
Alright. You've proved your point. You've broken into my vault. Congratulations: you're a dead man.
The angels are not done with you yet.
Niggers oughtta have they own'lectric chair. White man oughtn't havta sit in no nigger'lectric chair, nossir ...
Let's think about it logically. Either she's alive, or she's dead. If she's dead, then there's nothing we can do. If she's alive, then the guy with the gun, who seemed to want to shoot her, probably did shoot her.
Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
Hmm. Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before. Obvious, really. Big Figure looks very small and alone now
You could have picked a better spot.
Get a goddamn job, Al. You've got a negative attitude. That's what's stopping you. You've got to get your act together. I'll help you.
Listen, lad, I built this kingdom up from nothing. All I had when I started was swamp ... other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same ... just to show'em. It sank into the swamp. So I built a another one ... that sank into the swamp. I built another one ... That fell over and THEN sank into the swamp .... So I built another ... and that stayed up. ... And that's what your gon na get, lad: the most powerful kingdom in this island.
Calvin Stanhope ... but my mother called me Slick.
Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
You know the problem with Hollywood? They make shit. Unbelievable, unremarkable shit. I'm not some grungy filmmaker- wannabee searching for existentialism through a haze of bong-smoke. It's easy to pick apart bad acting, short-sighted directing, or the purely moronic stringing together of words many of the studios term as prose. No, I'm talking the lack of realism. Realism. Not a pervasive element in the modern American cinematic vision.
like you could use a cupcake! What
Fifty bucks, grampa. For seventy-five, the wife can watch.
Throw that shit again, meat. Throw that weak ass shit. Now he's got ta try to slip the cheese by me. One and one. You're on top. Now bring me the gas --
What we got here is a failure to communicate. Some men you can't reach, that is they just don't listen when you talk reasonable so you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it, well he gets it, and I don't like it any better than you men.
You can't argue with taste?
No way, Kirk. Prepare for Warp Speed! Standby Transwarp Drive!
You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up? You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, `` Oh, I had you all wrong''?
What are we hoping to find here that equals the worth of a turd?
Your sister had many friends -- but they were not my friends. I was only the manager of her plant.
For twenty years I've been eating shit, breakfast, lunch and dinner. Well, tonight I'm changing the menu! From now on everything I eat is gon na be shit-free!
See how hard You make me angel.
I shoved your tap shoes in my jeans before I was blown outta the house, Honey. Check with the guy who cut my pants off. He should have kem.
Beware the moon, David.
You wan na see God? I'll show you God.
You've got a lot to lean about homicide, Jeff. Morons have committed murder so shrewdly that it took a hundred trained police minds to catch them. That salesman wouldn't just knock off his wife after dinner, toss her in a trunk and put her in storage.
Love sure is a funny thing ... It makes you happy. Makes you sad. Makes you do all sorts of things you never thought you'd do before. Love's the reason I'm here actually.
Ahhh. Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala we used to make fresh coffee. Right off the trees I mean. That was good. This is shit, but hey ...
Dear God ... I don't know how to pray.
So change the poster. Trust me, you'll be better off. This is a story that's gon na grab people. It's about this guy. He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses. Should he tell her? Should he not tell her? He's torn. George, this is DRAMA.
Great party, isn't it?
See? It's important to have a job that makes a difference, boys. That's why I kill Chinamen for the railroad.
I'm gon na take drastic steps. Kick it to the curb. Don't mess with me. I'm the stair master. I've mastered the stairs. I wish I had a step right here. I'd step all over it.
Paulie, pull over. I got ta take a leak.
The strangeness of this life can not be measured. In trying to produce my own death, I was elevated to the status of a living hero.
You know I've talked to God a lot about you over the years and he said he broke the mould when he made you. Said you were sure entertaining to watch but way too much trouble. Buddy grins.
Now the night of the fight, you may fell a slight sting, that's pride fuckin'wit ya. Fuck pride! Pride only hurts, it never helps. Fight through that shit.'Cause a year from now, when you're kickin'it in the Caribbean you're gon na say, `` Marsellus Wallace was right.''
I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.
-- You think I want to lose them. Where do you get off talking that shit. If I don't take'em down properly they'll be on the street two hours from now. I could find dynamite, semtex, plutonium and a book of matches in there and unless I've got the right warrant it's all inadmissible
What the hell are you doing, Sister Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
It's easy to choose between right and wrong. What's hard is choosing the wrong that's more right. I just want to make it all ... a little ... better. Ignore me. I'm shitfaced.
I guess ... we'll just tell your mother ... that we ate it all.
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If needy were a turn-on?
That was irrational of me -- not to mention unsportsmanlike. Won't happen again.
Pain? Pain is just a state of mind. It's something you learn to live with. I have.
I haven't laid a hand on him. Goddam it, I didn't. I wouldn't touch one hair of his goddam little head. I love the little son-of-a- bitch.
My God! I can't take any more of this - first you spurn me for Eddie, then you cast him off like an old overcoat for Rocky. You chew people up and then spit them out - I loved you, do you hear me - I LOVED YOU - And what did it get me - I'll tell you - a big nothing. You're like a sponge. You take, take, take, take! You drain others of their love and emotions. Well, I've had enough. You've got to choose between me and Rocky - so named because of the rocks in his head.
The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?
No little girl can ever make me come.
How does it feel to know you're about to die?
Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn'things up. Yessir. Escape ... It's when I can't write, can't escapem'self, that I want to tearm'head off and run screamin'down the street withm'balls in a fruitpickers pail. Mm ...
You want to see pain? Swing by First Methodist Tuesday nights. See the guys with testicular cancer. That's pain.
MORGAN: Can we walk and talk?'Cause in case you live, I don't wan na be late, okay? NICK O.S.: Okay, okay. 133.15 SCENE 20 - INT. S/C OFFICES - DAY CAMERA PICKS UP ON MORGAN AND NICK AT TOP OF STAIRS AS THEY MOVE DOWN TO MAIN FLOOR. CAMERA PULLS BACK KEEPING ON THEM AS THEY MOVE TO FG THROUGH DESKS WITH NICK RANTING THE WHOLE TIME. NICK: Here's what happened just in case the coroner asks, okay? MORGAN: Uh-huh. NICK: I got a little drunk last night and tried on all the products from the pink box. MORGAN: You did not! NICK: I put on all the products, okay? Nail polish, pantyhose, everything. MORGAN: You tried on the pantyhose? NICK: Yes! Yes! Okay, anyway, I was drying my hair and I fell over and tripped and fell into the bathtub and electrocuted myself and blacked out. And when I woke up, I could hear what every woman around me was thinking. MORGAN GIVES HIM LOOK. MORGAN: Uh-huh? THEY PAUSE A MOMENT.
He was so deadly in fact that his enemies would go blind from overexposure to pure awesomeness.
I know you didn't just disrespect me, did you? You that fucking stupid? You disrespect me, and I'll tattoo this ceiling with your fucking brains!
It's a song about a cop who meets his worst nightmare, a nigger with enough political juice to crush his ass like a stink bug. You're gon na be famous.
Walter's got a clear mind. Probably something will enter it, feel lonely, and leave again ...
It is infuriating that your unhappiness does not turn to fat!
Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there!
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
Nothing. We made it to the hospital. I didn't have to go as far as I was prepared to. But I was prepared to go all the way.
How's this for a wet dream?
Second date. No tongue!!
I left a piece of skin in a movie theater once so it could watch movies all its life.
Please, spare me the psycho-babble father bullshit. Dawson and Downey'll have their day in court, but they'll have it with another lawyer.
I am Dances With Wolves ... I have nothing to say to you. You are not worth talking to.
Actually this is all just a bad dream. You're home in bed. Heavily sedated, resting comfortably, and dying from the carcinogens you've personally spewed in a lifetime of profiteering. Tragic irony or poetic justice? You tell me.
You remember the man who walked into the Bank of Constantinople and walked out < u > with < /u > the Bank of Constantinople?
Good morning, Dr. Arroway.
I don't think so. The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun -- -- on this satellite right here.
To those of you who do not read, attend the Theater, listen to uncensored radio programs or know anything of the world in which we live - it is perhaps necessary to introduce myself. My name is Addison deWitt. My native habitat is the Theater - in it I toil not, neither do I spin. I am a critic and commentator. I am essential to the Theater - as ants are to a picnic, as the ball weevil to a cotton field ...
Forgiven. You know, when we were on that plane, I was fascinated by the way its shadow followed it. That silly shadow racing along over mountains and valleys, covering ten times the distance of the plane. It was always there to greet us with outstretched arms when we landed. And I've been thinking that somehow you're that plane, and I'm that silly shadow. That all my life I've been rushing up and down hills, leaping rivers, crashing over obstacles, never dreaming that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arms.
... that if I told you, you'd know that he knew that you knew that he knew ... that you knew ... or something.
And I fuckin'HATED FRENCH CLASS!
Ingenious costume. Let me guess ... Trust-fund goody-goody?
I've been married six months and I've never had an affair,
Everybody shoved him, I very nearly loved him. I said, hey listen to me, Stay sane inside insanity. But he locked the door And threw away the key.
Each of us, at some time in our life, turns to someone, a father, a brother, a God and asks'Why am I here?''What was I meant to be?'V'ger hopes to touch its Creator to find its answers.
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.
This'll be easier than I thought.
Ify'all don't shut up I'm gon na go out of my mind. And plus you're liable to bust a spring in Karl's head. He's already off balance.
My only love, sprung from my only hate. Too early seen unknown, and known too late. Prodigious birth of love it is to me
That depends who writes the history books. I'm not a quitter ... but I'm not stupid either ... A trial would kill me -- that's what they want. But they won't get it.
Come on, tell me. Tell me the truth, Frank. Remember that? We used to live by it. You know what's so good about the truth? Everyone knows what it is, however long they've lived without it. No one forgets the truth, Frank, they just get better at lying. So tell me: do you really want another child?
I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other. We found each other in the dark.
Thank you, boys. Thank you.
I'm not even listening.
There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
We don't negotiate with terrorists. There are other options.
You're supposed to be a smart guy! If it was raining hundred dollar bills, you'd be out looking for a dime you lost some place.
Could be old Melissa found what she was looking for.
You're not afraid of him! He doesn't even exist.
`` Parting is such sweet sorrow, shall we say goodnight till it be morrow?''
Welcome to the future ... brother.
... They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be painless.
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions. First -- I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is. Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day. Second condition -- my fee. You can keep it. All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs. A male. Buck only. Why and how are my business. If you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas. Okay?
We're always quickest to doubt people who have a record for being honest. I think she's here, Miss Crane. Where there's a boyfriend ... She won't be back there among the nuts and bolts ... but she'll be in this town ... somewhere. I'll find her.
Last time you said that the renaissance happened.
He'll deliver more justice in a weekend, than ten years of your courts and tribunals. So stay out of his way.
You don't get the idea, Mister. These cops banging those pans, flashing those lights - they're going to scare that poor cat of mine, Cats are funny. They don't want to hurt you -- but if you scare them - they go crazy. These cops don't know what they're doing.
Ladies, thank you for granting me this rare glimpse into a timeless female ritual. To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you.
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams ...
Hi guys. Listen, they're telling me that the generators won't take it, the ship's breaking apart and all that. Just FYI.
Do they pay you to screw that bear?
'Is love a fancy or a feeling?'Or a Ferrars?
Jack, but they said you were dead. You must be double dead. Well come on bone man.
You're not Death. You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
I want you ... to bend over. Officer Dutton.
Fight now, cry later.
Never theorize before you have data. Invariably, you end up twisting facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts. Adler's midget is the key to this.
You made every day like kindergarten.
Every time we have dealings with Starfleet, I get nervous. We're dealing with something that COULD be perverted into a dreadful weapon. Remember that overgrown boy scout you used to hang out with? That's exactly the --
I don't need pity. I need a paycheck. And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn. So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gon na be okay, you should be the one to hire me.
Dear Justine. Because of you I'll be quitting the Retail Rodeo. The last two days have been the most god-awful days of my life. I've not been able to get rid of you in my head. I never wanted anything so bad, and I have wanted many things. I'd given up long ago on being gotten by someone else, and then you came along. The idea of being gotten, because of circumstance, will never get got is the worst feeling I've ever felt, and I have felt many bad feelings. I'm sorry I can never see you again, Justine, forgive me for being so weak, but that is who I am. Goodbye, Holden Wurther. If for some reason, you could change your mind and want to be with me, body and soul, meet me after work. I will be waiting for you at five PM outside Chuck E.Cheese. If you are not there at five, you will never see me in your lifetime.
Uh, we should move on to a Peter Gibbons. I had a chance to meet this young man and boy does he have Straight to Upper Management written all over him.
You are so pretty. You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years.
I love you Lucius. I love you like the day is long. I love you more than the sun and moon together. And if you feel the same way, we should not hide it any longer. It's a gift, love is. We should be thankful. We should bellow it with all the breath in our lungs, `` Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!'
You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch ...
John, sooner or later -- sooner, I think -- you are going to learn the lesson that has been learned by everyone who has ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Look at the landscape of his life and you'll see a boneyard.
Tell me something, Rocki. Man-to- man. I think she's the fuck of the century, don't you?
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
Hey! That's my princess! Go find you own!
That boy's as stubborn and mulish as a sheep!
-- I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.
Jesus Christ, what did you eat?
Well ... I've lost my appetite. For about a year.
Never send a human to do a machine's job.
Have you ever been in a place from which hope has gone? All that's left is patience. Everywhere. Like a fog.
Clear that bridge for me.
I'm sorry I'm so late. Bollocksed up at work again, I fear. Millions down the drain.
I chose Mount Rushmore, because to live in a country where you can take an ugly old mountain and put faces on it, faces of great Americans, who did so much to make our country super great, well that makes me - Rebecca Leeman - PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
Mr. Conway, I don't like this place. I don't like it. It's too mysterious.
I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or this is going to be a real short trip. Okay, hit it!
Ok Mr. Two Time Grand Prix, Five time WRL, future Hall of Fame, teach me something.
This ain't no dead piece a metal. A car's a living breathing thing. She's alive. You can feel her talking to you, telling you what she wants, what she needs. You just got ta listen. Speed tries to listen.
We all have abnormality in common. We are a breed apart from the rest of the humanity, we Theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities ...
I must admit I didn't think much of Andy first time I laid eyes on him. He might'a been important on the outside, but in here he was just a little turd in prison grays. Looked like a stiff breeze could blow him over. That was my first impression of the man.
... Like you said, he went home.
Oh shut up. All we did was talk. My attack had nothing to do with him.
Mother! Oh God, what ... blood, blood ... mother ...!
What? We ain't got any needles here, kid. Just a big fucking gun.
Man doesn't have to get killed. He could accidentally fall on something sharp, like a shiv. Or my dick.
Eureka!! This year, Christmas will be ours!
All we got ta do is tell the story right ...
He's your problem now. You can keep the'' ten grand along with the body, but if I see you again ... well look at him.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll?'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.'
All I want -- all I have ever wanted is the quiet of a private life but my mother is determined to see me distinguished.
I miss her. I asked her to marry me, and she asked me to move out.
Yeah. I love this place at night. The stars ... there's no right or wrong in them, they're just there.
You know that great thing, though? Is that change can be so constant you don't even feel the difference until there is one. It can be so slow that you don't even notice that your life is better or worse, until it is. Or it can just blow you away. Make you something different in an instant. It happened to me.
There's nothing I love more than a dumb blonde with daddy's plastic.
The first rule of fight club is -- you don't talk about fight club. The second rule of fight club is -- you don't talk about fight club. The third rule of fight club is -- when someone says `` stop'' or goes limp, the fight is over. Fourth rule is -- only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule -- one fight at a time. Sixth rule -- no shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule -- fights go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule -- if this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.
Any man not in his bunk at eight will spend a night in the box. There is no smoking in prone position in bed. To smoke you must have both legs over the side of your bunk. Anyone caught smoking in prone position will spend a night in the box. You get two sheets. Every Saturday you put the clean sheet on the top, the top sheet on the bottom and the bottom sheet you turn in to the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box. No one will sit on the bunks with dirty pants on. Any man sitting on a bunk with dirty pants will spend a night in the box. Any man who don't bring back his empty pop bottles spends a night in the box.
Oh no. Come all this bloody way to get shot by a bullet from Birmingham. Shoot straight, you bastards! STOREY takes the boy's hat and runs quickly forward as the ZULUS advance over the inert body.
I admit if one waits for me to start a conversation one can wait a rather long time.
Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm a gambler who would like to run an honest game in your town. To whom do I speak about that? I hope it's not this gentleman.
I've been ordered to take you up to the bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? -'cause I don't.
Are we hoping the ghost is going to have to pee?
Type `` Cookie'', you idiot. I'll head'em off at the pass.
We do that to Creed an'they'll take us to jail for murder.
My friends call me Harry. Information Retrieval, eh? Interesting!
Ah. Mr. And Mrs. Majors. How wonderful to see you. I am Dr. Cosmo McKinley and this is my sister, and colleague, Nation McKinley.
Guns would make one warrior like two.
`` Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children.'' COOL ... What am I gon na blow? Man ... hey, where's that wimpy cowboy doll?
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here. That way you won't be confused later by their unexplainable presence in your home.
Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work.
You put your disease in me. your semen. it's hot and full of disease.
That's not going to happen.
'Yes. You're beautiful.'
You believe these new girls? None of'em take birth control, and they eat all the steak.
They don't want the classic horror films anymore. Today, it's all giant bugs, giant spiders, giant grasshoppers -- who would believe such nonsense!
If I leave here without understanding you, the world will always see you as a monster. I don't want that -- I don't see you that way.
Hi! Hello ... buenos noches? Need a lift? Nice night for a walk? Do you know John Milner? Curt Henderson? Sure you wouldn't like a ride somewhere? Did anyone ever tell you that you look just like Connie Stevens?
Thank you for loving me.
She'll make soap out of you! That's what she does, she makes soap out of people.
Put a bullet to me. Bullet in the brain pan, squish.
Yeah, you like that, don't you bitch?
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
Give it back! Give me back my yarmulke!
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast. I can handle these clowns. I want to talk to Hans. Hans! Sprickenzie talk?
I challenge Davy Jones.
We knew it was coming. I tell you, Kenny, these brass hats have one big advantage. We do what they want us to, none of us will be alive to tell'em they were wrong.
Aaahhhhh ... That's what we used to call a beer when we was kids ... Beer spelled backwards.
Walking corpses are not real!
Y'all loved Elias, want to kick ass,I'se here - all by my lonesome, nobody gon na know. Five you boys'gainst me? Kill me.
Old Man, if you give another piece of my food to those dogs, I'm gon na kick you till you're dead!
I can't believe I'm on a first name basis with these people ...
How dare you treat my friends so shamefully.
If you want the word on that brother and sister act, I'll give you the word. That Hansel's a fag and Gretel's got the hots for herself. So who cares, right? Load up on the salami ...
The world is what you make of it, friend. If it doesn't fit, you make alterations.
Hey, big puffy version of Junebug. Where have you been?
Greatness courts failure, Romeo. That's why most people, in their whole lives, never ever reach for the brass ring, never know when to dig deep and try for the impossible shot ...
So this is what a courtroom looks like.
Guys can have nightmares too,y'know. You ain't got a corner on the fucking market or something.
I'm an investigator for the Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
`` All you need is love.''
It's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. Look at the clock. One hand has met the other hand. They kiss. Isn't that wonderful?
Watch me run a fifty yard dash with my legs cut off!
There's a war going on out there. Blade, myself, a few others -- we've tried to keep it from spilling over onto the streets. Sometimes people like yourself get caught in the cross-fire.
I can't sleep anymore. It's too much like death.
There was no way for them to understand. But you and I know who killed Madeleine.
What do you make of this, Mr. Finch?
For all my education, accomplishments, and so-called wisdom ... I can't fathom my own heart.
Would you like to come along?
A red sun rises. Blood has been spilled this night.
Fifty pounds! A very worthy sum on a very worthy question. Can a play show us the very truth and nature of love? I bear witness to the wager, and will be the judge of it as occasion arises. I have not seen anything to settle it yet. So -- the fireworks will be soothing after the excitements of Lady Viola's audience. Have her then, but you are a lordly fool. She has been plucked since I saw her last, and not by you. It takes a woman to know it.
I'm a genius -- not an engineer!
Does anyone know where they are?!?!
You need any gas, Father?
Care for a bit of necrophilia?
Hey, you're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Who said anything about a warrant?
See? It hurts! You shouldn't hit people!
I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post, that's for sure. I'm in the junky limbo at the moment, too ill to sleep, too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. Sweat, chills, nausea, pain and craving. Need like nothing else I have ever known will soon take hold of me. It's on the way.
I can't believe it -- you and Dad get paid to write about plants and you hate dirt.
What a tremendously hostile world a rat must endure. Yet, not only does he survive, he thrives. And the reason for this, is because our little foe has a instinct for survival and presavation second to none. And that Monsieur, is what a jew shares with a rat. Consequently, a German soldier, conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar - he looks everywhere, he would hide. But there are many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However the reason the Fuhrer brought me off my Alps in Austria, and placed me in French cow country today, is because it does occur to me. Because I'm aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity. May I smoke my pipe as well? Th e Farmer's cool facade is little by little eroding.
Yeah, good morning. How do I get an outside line? Really? That's simple. Thank you.
He is the kindest and best of men.
By order of Zebulon Vance, Governor of this great state of North Carolina: any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason and shall be hunted down like a dog.
The question, Landon, is not so much where we are as when we are.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Harvey, we better skip this whole courtship thing and just get married.
You should've heard your brother scream when I broke his fucking neck ...
What's your malfunction you fat fuckin'barrel of monkey-spunk?
Hey, I'm the law. I don't got ta do nothing ...
`` Oh, I don't like to be beside the seaside ..''
You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James! How did it get there?
Peekaboo, you fucks, you.
Course confirmed for slingshot exit of the solar system. Just so I can take the family camper on an interstellar picnic.
I was 25 years old the first time I died ...
Ow! Hey, no force fields!
We're both professionals. But this is personal. You ... are done.
There will be no rescue, no intervention force. We can only save ourselves. Call any foreigner you know, tell them what will happen to us. Say goodbye but when you say goodbye, say it as though you're reaching through and shaking their hand. Let them know if they let go of that hand, you will die. We must shame them into sending help.
They want this fucking job, they can have it. It's no great joy to me.
Very good class. I hope you've all learned an important lesson today. Just because Mordechai's people are different from us ... just because they might appear strange to us with their furry hats, their beady eyes, and their long sideburns ... not to mention their bizarre customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny sounding names ... just because they control all of the worlds'money, yet are too cheap to buy their children anything better than spinning tops for presents, does not mean that we can't learn to respect and love them as our equals.
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!
Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
You see? The consumptives plot against me. `` Will Shakespeare has a play, let us go and cough through it.''
No ... You can't get away ... From hell's heart I stab at thee ... For hate's sake ... I spit my last breath at thee!
With two weeks until the pageant ... I was practicing my talent. Finishing my costume, brushing up on current events, and running eighteen miles a day on about four hundred calories. I was ready.
Food for five years. A thousand gallons of gas. Air filtration. Water filtration. Geiger counter. Bomb shelter ... ... underground goddamn monsters?!
Welcome to Memphis, Dr. Lecter. I'm Officer Boyle, this is Officer Pembry. We aim to treat you just as nice as you treat us. Act like a gentlemen, you'll get three hots and a cot.
Take your clothes off.
You hope and you dream, but you never believe that something's going to happen for you, not like it does in the movies. And when it does, you sort of expect it to feel different. More visceral. More real. Like IMAX maybe. I was waiting for it to hit me, but it didn't. And just for the record, I never did get my ten dollars back. Richard switches his walkman back on.
Megatron must be stopped.
Dead. Dead. Dead! Wake up, Claire! Jim's dead, they're dead. They're all dead!
Well? Who's a boy gon na talk to, if not his mother?
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked among eight million people. Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand -- and there you were -- It's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two.
Some of us are cursed with memories like flypaper. And stuck there is a staggering of miscellaneous date, mostly useless.
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
I have no doubt, and yes, some Germans will die., and yes, it will ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels will be very very very mad at you for what you've done to his big night. But you won't get Hitler, you won't get Goebbels, you won't get Gering, and you won't get Boorman. And you need all four to end the war.
Oh, is the young master leaving? Pity. I'll just toss this away then. Perhaps the dogs are hungry -
Anything you got ta say to them, say to me first.
Really, it's rude enough being alive when no one wants you, but showing up uninvited to a wedding ...
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul.
Take her to sea Mister Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs.
Yeah, it's St. Patty's day. Everyone's Irish tonight. Now, why don't ya pull up a stool and have a drink with us?
The things I have to do for my country.
I can't believe I'm gon na get some pussy for stealing a monkey! If I'd known it was that easy,I'd've been stealing monkeys since I was like seven and shit.
You're not a dipsomaniac at your age?
You are under arrest. You are going to be court-martialed. And you will show us where the bullion is right now.
Take this one and stick it up your sister's ass! Hit me again.
The fires of Isengard will spread. And the woods of Tuckborough and Buckland will burn. And all that was once green and good in this world will be gone. There won't be a Shire, Pippin.
This is not a game show, Mr. Fleury! There are no deals made here. There is me telling you what you may or may not do and there is you doing it.
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
Did you stop and think that maybe infants need darkness? That darkness is part of their natural development.
Sarah, I came across time for you. I love you. I always have.
Hello. My name's Forrest Gump.
Peace? I hate the word As I hate hell, all Montagues, and ...
I'm glad you rejected me ten years ago when I auditioned for Eddie Solomon, the pedophile clown in Birthday Boy. Had I gotten the part. I might've gotten typecast.
I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.
A little slow tonight, isn't it?
And say what? `` Please remove your dick from my ass?!''
Look, what do you think is going on here? Since I've met you, I've nearly been incinerated, drowned, shot at, and chopped into fish bait. We're caught in the middle of something sinister here. My guess is Dad found out more than he was looking for. And until I'm sure, I'm going to continue to do things the way I think they should be done.
I think he's been sick. He's alright now, but I think he's been very, very sick.
He's writing a roast like you wanted it to be - - I guess that'll show you.
Every living creature ... on this earth ... ... dies alone.
Hold on, you have to slow down. You're losing it, you have to take a breath. Listen to yourself. You're connecting a computer bug I had, a computer bug you might have had, and some religious hogwash. If you want to find the number two sixteen in the world, you'll be able to pull it out of anywhere. Two hundred and sixteen steps from your street comer to your front door. Two hundred and sixteen seconds you spend riding on the elevator. When your mind becomes obsessed with anything, it will filter everything else out and find examples of that thing everywhere. Three hundred and twenty, four hundred and fifty, twenty-three. Whatever! You've chosen two sixteen and you'll find it everywhere in nature. But Max, as soon as you discard scientific rigor, you are no longer a mathematician. You become a numerologist. What you need to do is take a break from your research. You need it. You deserve it Here's a hundred dollars, I want you to take it. If, you won't take it, borrow it. Either way, take a break. Spend it however you like as long as it falls in the category of vacation. Real world stuff, okay. No math.
Where do you want to be oiled first?
Don't come any closer, Abbe. God's watching.
I guess I've got one of those faces you can't help believing.
No more monkey business.
If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
We have dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen.
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie and Dim and we sat in the Korova milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova Milk Bar sold milkplus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence. Our pockets were full of money so there was no need on that score, but, as they say, money isn't everything.
Who's got my goddamn cigarette?!
Is that your answer, Old Man? You're a hardcase too, ain't you?
Boy. How ya gon na keep'em down on the farm once they seen Karl Hungus.
I'm a soldier, General. I serve my country.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
Only the best people fight against all obstacles...
Schmucks are people too you know. Death doesn't seem a little harsh?
You're maudlin and full of self pity. You're magnificent.
Ah, there ain't no such thing. You got ta boil it all down to the essentials. It's like Cube says - life ain't nothing but bitches and money.
My uncle used to say ... we like people for their qualities but love them for their defects.
You're gon na cut it!
Okay, ramblers, let's get to rambling.
A double Chubby Chuck, a Mexicali Chili Barb, two orders of French fries --
What do you mean'better in bed.'You either do it or you don't.
I could die right now, Clem. I'm just happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be.
C'mon, Riddick -- said I'd die for them, not you.
If they split up, I'm going with you.
Don't make an issue of my womanhood. We are here for work ... all of us. Let's not waste time. Shall we go?
You have a made a terrible mistake and more of our brothers have died in vain. Let's not repeat this.
I got a doctor friend might be able to help you. Aren't they most incredible?
Well done, students ... if you were trying to disappoint me.
Oh, a cottage! How charming. A little cottage is always very snug.
You're speechless, I see. A fine quality in a
Bloody typical, they've gone back to metric without telling us
Oh my God. You're completely p-whipped.
I love you. I loved you the moment I saw you. I'm mad about you. My little shoplifter! My sweet little pickpocket! My darling!
All drains lead to the ocean, kid.
If it's my time to go, to be in heaven with my family, then I can accept that.
Well Werner, if you heard of us, you probably heard, we ain't in the prisoner takin business. We in the killin Nazi business. And cousin, business is boomin. The Basterds laugh.
Superladies, they're always trying to tell you their secret identity. Think it'll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I said, `` Girl, I don't want to know about your mild-mannered alter ego.'' or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you're a super-mega-ultra-lightning-babe, that's all right with me. I'm good. I'm good.
The same way you feel about Botox. Painful and unnecessary.
Bruce giveth and Bruce taketh away.
Strangers with this kind of honesty make me go a big rubbery one.
Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up in this so directly. You know the old man doesn't want that.
They were Mark and Vanessa Loring, and they were beautiful even in black and white.
Can you recall no melody of mine? I was the most famous composer in Europe when you were still a boy. I wrote forty operas alone. What about this little thing?
You think he's funny? You think this is cute? You think he's bitchin', is that it? Lem me tell you something. Look at him, he's a bum. You wan na see something funny? You go visit John Bender in five years! You'll see how God damned funny he is! What's the matter, John? You gon na cry? Let's go ...
It's not my goddamn planet! Understand, monkey boy!?
It's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model.
But if you want facts, Indy, I have none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.
You buy furniture. You tell yourself: this is the last sofa I'll ever need. No matter what else happens, I've got the sofa issue handled. Then, the right set of dishes. The right dinette.
You proceed from a false assumption. I am a Vulcan. I have no ego to bruise.
To confer, converse, and otherwise hob- nob with my brother wizards. And I hereby decree that until what time -- if any -- that I return, the Scarecrow, by virtue of his highly superior brains, shall rule in my stead ... assisted by the Tin Man, by virtue of his magnificent heart ... and the Lion -- by virtue of his courage! Obey them as you would me! And - ah - well, that's all.
And the way we got rid of that dirty little dish is the way we're going to put the rest of our house in order. Including the UPSTAIRS!
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel! Drop dead!
Greetings. This is a recorded announcement as we're all out the moment. The Commercial council of Magrathea thanks you for your esteemed visit, but regrets that the entire planet is temporarily closed for business. If you would like to leave your name and a planet where you can be contacted, kindly do so at the tone.
Bureaucracies can be effective with the right leadership --
I don't know, but I like him.
The fat hobbit, he knows. Eyes always watching.
Probably tried this before. Probably burned truckloads of your stuff. Can't remember to forget you.
What're you gon na do, Ned? Blow me away?
Losing the first Bleichert-Blanchard fight got me local celebrity, Warrants, and close to nine grand in cash; winning the rematch got me a sprained wrist, two dislocated knuckles and the rest of the day off. Whoever said winning isn't everything got that part right.
Dr. Jones, it our country a guest does not usually insult his host.
You die first, get it? The others Might get me in a rush but before That I'm gon na make your head Into a canoe. Understand?
You are even better live than on laserdisc. Oh, and the joyjoy way you paused to make a glib witticism before doing battle with that strangely-weaponed Scrap it was so, so ...
I've got sons, Goddamnit, oh my God, have I got sons! Wade? Rolfe? Elbourne? You love me boys? Do you love your Pop? Of course you do!
I'm Miss Bonnie Parker and this is Mr. Clyde Barrow. We ... rob ... banks.
And what do you think you'll do while you're setting up a new line of defence? Wander round lugging your suitcases?
You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
You know when you get it wrong, you REALLY get it wrong. That woman has given her whole life in service to her people - fifty years doing a job she NEVER wanted - a job she watched kill her father. She's executed it with dignity, honour and, as far as I can tell, without a single blemish - and now we line up baying for her blood - why? Because she's struggling to lead the world in mourning for a woman who threw everything she offered back in her face, and who seemed, in the last few years, to be committed twenty-four seven to destroy everything she holds dear.
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy, walks into jail a white man, walks out talkin like a nigger. It's all that black semen been shootin up his butt. It's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
Whoever wrote this episode should DIE.
I know those bluenoses. Their ancestors refused to come over on the Mayflower because they didn't want to rub elbows with the tourists. So they swam over.
Let me put this another way. Given the type of people you are and the environment you're in, you guys have to admit the strong probability that this may be the only chance you'll ever get in your entire lives to have sex.
Somebody call 9 fucking 111.
If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
What's that man doing in my drawers?
The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
I love America. No one is responsible for what they do.
Who knocked up your sister?
Don't mess with me, pork chop. What day is this?
Are you free tonight?
Remember the message ... the future is not set. There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
Come on, men! Lift it like a lady's skirt!
. The pen is blue!! The pen is.
He wants to use his entire trust fund to buy that ... leper colony!
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungy, she's bitchin.'
Damn baby, I hope you filled out some organ donor cards ...
Gummint do take a bite, don't she?
There was a general who wore a patch over a perfectly good eye. The men fought harder for him. Sometimes I think I could get up and dance. What's under your bandages?
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
Look officers! Life doesn't have to be ugly. See the little birdie? Listen to his call. Peter Pan! Peter Pan! Peter Pan!
We're not violent people, Michael. It pains us to pain you.
The world is full of complainers. But the fact is, nothing comes with a guarantee. I don't care if you're the Pope of Rome, President of the United States, or even Man of the Year -- something can always go wrong. And go ahead, complain, tell your problems to your neighbor, ask for help -- watch him fly. Now in Russia, they got it mapped out so that everyone pulls for everyone else -- that's the theory, anyway. But what I know about is Texas ...
All along I felt in my gut. There was something wrong with him.
You and I ... I don't think we are on the same page.
I've been going to debtor's anonymous. You want to see some truly fucked up people?
This notion is not a new one but this time it is a definite plan which we intend to carry out. We have worked it out carefully and are both thrilled by the idea. Naturally we feel a trifle nervous, but the pleasure of anticipation is great.
Hah -- I caught you. You said someone. Not something.
Ask him. Ask your saint who he is. Ask him who he's killed.
There was a young man named John Liggit Hunter who was in the filling station business and a good filling station business. He was one of those young men that we run across so often in life. I'm sure you've run across them, that didn't deserve the things he had. One of those things was his beautiful bride, Sarah. She was a Georgia Peach. As a matter of fact she looked more like the picture I've had in my head than any woman I've ever seen. I took it upon myself to take her away from John Liggit Hunter, who didn't deserve her. I'm not sure if I mentioned that he was a Frenchman who claimed to be an Englishman. It took some very strong nylon cord to take her away from him. She was a fighter as well as a Georgia Peach.
That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem.
Tell me something, Ford. How much mail can a dead postman deliver? It's over.
No thank you, Jane. I'm a little old for palying the Hardy Boys Meet the Catholic Werewolf.
Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
I wan na kiss ya -- Ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it.
If you touch me again ... I'll kill you.
Go back and put a face on what's happening here. Make the Council see theBa'ku. It's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffering of an unfamiliar people.
Well ... life all comes down to a few moments, and this is one of'em ...
My God, Vanessa's got a smashing body. I bet she shags like a minx. How do I tell them that because of the unfreezing process, I have no inner monologue? I hope I didn't say that out loud just now.
You wan na tune-up? Hey Sarge, you know why a Comacho's like a cue-ball? Cause the harder you hit'em, the better their English gets.
You're going to die because you smoked 30 cigarettes a day since you were 15. And you're going to Hell because of the life you took. Or to put it in a way that your kind would understand. You're fucked.
Morning, sunshine. Remember, these are the best days of your life.
Who was it, Bill? A Secretary?
Fa-dah! Can you help an old altar boy? I'm a Cat-lick!
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
It's our secret. Honest. How can you be so mean to someone so meaningless?
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
My --! People come and go so quickly here! Follow the Yellow Brick Road. Follow the Yellow Brick Road?
Dead. But still fresh.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do. That gives you lots of leeway.
... I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name! Let me tell you, time erases everything!
Don nie -- w hy'd you pay f or th at drink? wiseguy never pays for a drink.
You like to have kids, you just don't want to be with them, do you?
It means ... I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say & quot; Oh Dad & quot; and get on the damn plane already?
Hey, I'm the flavour of the month!
I'm ready to shoot.
Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!
Thank you. I don't know what I would have done if I had remained on the hot coals burning my pretty flesh. You have pretty skin- give it to us!
One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home for her. It was out of respect.
My ... mother lives in Hackensack.
... I've never been in a man's apartment before.
The soul of Stephanie Brownl We will feast upon it, as she festers in the gravel
Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
Ooo. Deliver me from L.L. Bean!
As you know, the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Well, really, that's all this is. Except that instead of sucking water, I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five, but I really don't know what that would do to you. So, let's just start with what we have. What did this do to you? Tell me. And remember, this is for posterity, so be honest -- how do you feel?
I always wanted to be in one of those frickin'plays of yours.
See, man -- if you were funnier than that, ABC never would've canceled us.
I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name.
It's bigger! It's badder! Ladies and gentlemen, it's too much for Mr. lncredible! Whoa! Whoa! It's finally ready. You know, I went through quite a few supers to get it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough! After you trashed the last one, I had to make some major modifications. Sure it was difficult, but you are worth it. I mean, after all ... I am your biggest fan.
Since most of these people are rooting for the home team, I'm going to cheer for the visitors. I'm a big visitors fan - especially the kind that make coffee for you in the morning before they go. That was a joke. A little wacky wordplay?
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on -- Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!'
You're taking it to the next level. I always do that. I always take a relationship to the next level, and if it works okay I take it to the next level after that, until I can finally get to the level where it becomes absolutely necessary for me to leave.
And the book says: `` We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us.''
Oh wow. I did it. I did it. This fixes everything.
Then don't let me get cornered. You don't have the trunk space.
Do you want to be dead, Albert?
Where did you get that dress? It's an eye- sore!
Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones.
If I was a woman, I'd be a slut. A lesbian slut.
All I ever wanted in my sorry-ass life was a single thing worth fighting for.
The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur.
See? I'm as anatomically impaired as a Ken doll. You meat-puppets and your arrogance - you think everyone's just waiting to rape you.
Sometimes, the only way to catch an uncatchable woman is to offer her a wedding ring.
Perhaps Margaret is right.
Most people would leave. Not us. We're Vikings. We have stubbornness issues. Vikings sound the alarm. Viking men and women pour out into the streets, axes in hand. ON HICCUP darting through alleys, staying under eaves, making his way through the battle.
Yeah, isn't it great? Keep it up, Eddie ... you're killing'em, you're slayin''em, you're knockin''em dead.
But we're all going to die. We can't stop it. It's just a matter of time. I'm so scared.
You know, Phillip, you have a goddammed red, white and blue American right to eat cotton candy and ride roller coasters.
That's what I love about a small town. You know everybody.
Sit down and shut up, will ya. Try not to live up to all my expectations. We were told you know a hustle artist named Johnny Hooker.
The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove: 0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken ...
It's not funny. According to this ... you're already dead.
Sorry -- I'm your neighbor and my dog ran up on your dick -- -- Deck!
Oh, this. Sorry, I was worried that people would think I was stuffy, You know, no fun; all brain, no penis,
Tell me what to do, Jerry. You tell me to eat lima beans, I'll eat lima beans.
SO NIGHT NIGHT IT'S TIME FOR BYE-BYES IT'S BEEN A GREAT DAY THANKS A HEAP NOW IT'S TIME FOR EVERYONE TO GO TO SLEEP
You've got a big mouth, and now I'm going to show you an even bigger one.
You think you know everything, don't you? You haven't even scratched the surface.
That boy sure is a running fool.
Here I am, you lucky people!
Ri, Ray rand Rirent Rob
Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda, or something. Or go to a whorehouse! No?
Oh man ... when you're on the other side of the screen ... it all looks so easy ...
Yeah, my baby boy gets shy around new people, but he'll warm up to ya ... especially the ladies.
Now ... I should warn you, Mr. Weiss will only be able to meet for about five minutes ... so let's make sure to cut to the point. I recommend speaking in short sentences. He has the attention span of a ferret on crystal meth.
That's my wife Carolyn. See the way the handle on those pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.
I'm a hair's breadth from riddling you with holes, Doctor --
Know her! My dear, we were intimate! The times we used to have together! I bet she never told you about that -- you're too young.
I'm gon na nail your ass!
Go ahead. Make my millenium!
Edie gave this to me and said mmmmm, I could talk to God with this. But I don't really have anything to say. So ... mmmm now you can talk to God. Oh hi!
Your shower shoes have fungus on'em. You'll never get to the Bigs with fungus on your shower shoes. Think classy and you'll be classy. If you win 20 in the Show you can let the fungus grow back on your shower shoes and the press'll think you're colorful. Until you win twenty in the Show, however, it means you're a slob.
Several fighters have broken off from the main group. Come with me!
Of course: we all create God in our own image.
Hey! The van's on fire!
YOU'RE A DEAD-END, DEAD-BEAT, NO-WHERE MISTER WITH A KISS LIKE A MISSISSIPPI ALLIGATOR'S SISTER
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
Really? I want to hang drapes.
HEY! Listen to what I'm saying! There was a room there before! We haven't
Well. I see we have a long way to go.
Hotshot, you don't know it yet, but me and Concrete are in your blood. We're going to make a man of you yet -- and in years to come you'll thank me. You'll remember me. Me and Concrete.
What do I say -- Hey, listen, guys, I'm not gay, but I did fuck your suspect. I was embarrassed. It's the only time I've been with a woman.
It's called a `` changeover.'' The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it because ...
... I forgive you Darwin.
Yeah. He may- Listen, Harvard makes mistakes too, you know. Kissinger taught there.
They're not supposed to be here!
? If you don't say what's on your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to smother you with a pillow. I
Get the fuck away from me.
This fight's commenced. Get to Fightin'or get away!
Are you the Washington Redskin?
Death is only the beginning.
I hate these things -- it's like drinking coffee through a veil.
Well, there's sure as hell nothing to stop us now. Everybody we know between here and Bixby is already dead.
That's why I quit. So we could be together.
The party never stops on Selina Kyle's answering machine ... Guess I should've let him win that last racquetball game.
Welcome back Jack ... to the house of addiction.
What a strange person.
Take my hand, boss. You see for yourself.
Attention. You are now entering the debarkation area. No talking. No smoking. The next scheduled departure to the prison is in two hours. You now have the option to terminate and be cremated on the premises. If you elect this option, notify the duty sergeant in your processing area.
Is it really necessary for you to always say no before you say yes? I won't think less of you, you know.
In the event of a water landing, I have been designed to serve as a floatation device.
I got you something great at the farm stand.
You won't interfere with the basic rugged concept of my personality, will you, girl?
Do you love me? I mean, really love me ... because if you don't, I'll just ... have to kill you.
Oh -- Oh -- shucks, folks, I'm speechless!
Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth. Pardon the pun. Fast-early-acceptance- into-an-Ivy-League-school-and- please-let-it-be-Harvard. Amen.
Get in there you big furry oaf! I don't care what you smell! Get in there and don't worry about it.
But then again ... There is no point in living if you can't ... feel alive.
The biggest mistakes in my life have been haircuts.
Who looks stupid now.
Don't get me wrong -- we're smart, Larry. We shop at home, we surf the net ... and we feel emptier and lonelier and more cut off from each other than at any other time in human history ...
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal ... I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Second shelf is mine ... keep my root beers and double-thick Mint Oreo cookies there ... Nobody touches the second shelf ...
Yes indeed, everyone. Actually, they all have three. `` The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE
Oh, yeah, you never could hit a curve ball.
Madam, you're a cockeyed liar! And you know it!
So you're against me now, too! ... Is that how it is, boys?
I would not like it in a mug. I would not like it in a jug.
None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world.
You really have no clue how beautiful you are, do you?
Several courses are served. Menus are often prepared days in advance, timed to perfection. It is said, without the culinary art, the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable.
Do you know why you're scared when you're alone?
Interesting reaction .... but what does it mean?
You are fearless in a way, I shall never know.
That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl `` Mom.''
Gee, thanks. It's just like a ring or something.
My inner child needs spanking.
Chip is off to a fine start this year. Focused ... conscientious ... participates actively in classroom discussion.
Remember what we said. Keep your eyes open. They're everywhere.
Just ... had eyebrows ... done.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of greed around the globe, it is about to be taught a lesson on real power. You ... will be witnesses. If our demands are not met, however -- -- You may become participants instead. Now, where is ...'Takagi'? Where is the man who ... ... used to be in charge here?
You don't know why I'm here do you? In 1991 the United States invaded Iraq, and afterwards weapons inspectors discovered Saddam was six months off enriching uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb. He had fissile material. And not a single person at the CIA, from the DCI down to the janitor had the slightest clue that such a program even existed. So now, one decade on, are you telling me that you're 100 % sure these tubes are not intended to create nuclear weapons?
Well, I don't think you should tell her she doesn't have blood.
Raw meat. You do like raw meat? Please, if not we can have some soup.
You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests.
... I had a great time tonight, really. It was like the Nuremberg Trials.
Walt Whitman once said -- `` I see great things in baseball. It's our game -- the American game He said `` it will repair our losses and be a blessing to us'' ... You could look it up ....
Welcome to the worst nightmare of them all, Trevor. Reality.
I wan na go back to the blue room.
Well, I better get going. Your show's almost on, and ... It's almost time for your date.
Frightened? You are talking to a man who has laughed in the face of death -- sneered at doom and chuckled at catastrophe. I was petrified. Then suddenly the wind changed, and the balloon floated down into the heart of this noble city, where I was instantly acclaimed Oz, the First Wizard de Luxe!
Come with me if you want to live.
Meanwhile whatever you do don't fall asleep. Midnight.
Going somewhere, Kate? Kate startles and whirls to check on Max. She's. fast asleep.
Please, boss, don't put that thing over my face. Don't put me in the dark, I's afraid of the dark.
I don't know ... I'm always looking out of my own eyes ...
I can't wait for you to try to explain this to a Suffolk County grand jury. This is gon na be fun.
Come on Patricia, I was stoned ... it seemed like the fun thing at the time.
Slippery little suckers ...
Wait! This creature is bound to me. And I to him. He is our guide. Please, let me go down to him.
I'm leaving now. I've assessed the situation and I'm going.
I do not budge. Keep your `` Ho there.''
What's the problem? I don't got a problem, I got fuckin'problems! Wan na hear?
... that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed - The lips acquire stains - The stains become a warning - It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
Where are you taking this ... thing?
I'm looking for the man with scissors.
My whole life has pointed in one direction. I see that now. There never has been any choice for me.
You shouldn't have said those things about me today. You have no idea what I am.
Mr. Racine. Next time you come into my courtroom I hope you've got either a better defense or a better class of client.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look- man, walks out of the men's room, huge bodyguards flanking him while there's God coming outta the men's room.
Uuummmm, that's a tasty burger. Vince, you ever try a Big Kahuna Burger?
Luther. Your life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R.
In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas ...
This is a site full of militant movie buffs: sad bastards who live in their parents'basements, downloading scripts and trading what they believe to be inside info about movies and actors they despise yet can't stop discussing. This is where you go if you wan na hear frustrated would-be filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions on how they all could've made a better Episode One.
Also you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs underneath your seats. Please feel free to use them. Thank you very much.
Save your money, stud muffin. The lady at the end of the bar sends her love.
Not yet he isn't. But he damn well might.
`` All warfare is based on deception ...'' Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight ... if not, split and reevaluate.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa? If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad.
I just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
You're pretty young, Mr. - Mr. Thompson. A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in - - and on it, there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on - and she was carrying a white pastrol - and I only saw her for one second and she didn't see me at all - but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl. See what I mean? Well, so what are you doing about this `` Rosebud,'' Mr. Thompson.
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
`` Danger will only increase my love, it will sharpen it, it will give it spice. I'll be the only angel you need. On this arm, Luise, you will go dancing through life. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say`Only one thing can make a soul complete, and that thing is love.'
One of these days, Melvin, somebody's gon na kick your ass.
He had a plan. Maybe you just didn't see it till it hit you between the eyes. But, it started to make sense ... in a Tyler sort of way. No fear. No distractions. The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide.
I peeked behind the Cyclops's eye. I did! But he wasn't there.
Actually, my name's Austin Powers.
David, I don't want to lose my virginity to a piece of fruit.
Harry, you think we go to see your movies? I've seen better film on teeth. Makes no difference to me which one our money's in. So how'bout you take our twenty points out of Freaks and put'em in this other one, Mr. Loverboy.
Yeah, let's never forget. We're the real story. Not them.
You have a shiny head.
Well then ... to a night we'll never forget.
We held each other. It was better than sex. What I need he gave me great.
His face hurts, and where is his glasses? He can't see without his glasses! Put his glasses on! Put on his glasses! He was gon na be an acrobat.
With respect, Madam, the guide book is written by a bunch of lazy, good-for-nothing, Indian beggars.
... there are no accidents. No coincidencess. No mishaps. And no ... escapes.
Brave words. I've heard them before from thousands of species across thousands of worlds ... since long before you were created.
I'd hate to deprive you of this. Salvation lies within.
The Fifth Element ... The Supreme Being ... Your wife ...
Boy -- if I had one day when I didn't have to be all confused and ashamed of everything -- or I felt I belonged some place.
I've never known a woman like you.
She supplies the whole southwest with chicken feed.
The mission was accomplished. All of these people left the room thinking they would have real input. I was writing this pilot alone, myself, me.
This was her favorite chocolate. Because you sent her away, there's more for you.
Pike isn't a name. It's a fish.
Now, more than ever, we need the Supermen.
Macy Struthers -- God I must have been blind -- still, the weaker the man, the dumber the blonde.
I'm seven non-fox-years old now. My father died at seven and a half. I don't want to live in a hole anymore, and I'm going to do something about it. Fox kisses Mrs. Fox's paw. He suddenly eats three slices of toast in a second and a half, savagely but neatly. He stands and picks up his cup of coffee.
No. I need you to stop being nice to me - unless you're gon na marry me after.
He's harmless. Back in the sixties he was part of the Free Speech movement at Berkeley. I think he did too much LDS.
Don't make a move or that dog will tear you to shreds!
You young people should all go fuck yourselves.
I made some refreshments, Dan. Would you like some refreshments, Dan? I'll be right back, Daaaan!! She goes. Dan struggles, but to no avail.
It's okay, Charlie. I got an angle.
... Every dog has his day.
Great ... Son, I have some bad news. We accidentally replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have about seven seconds to live.
This is a ludicrous situation. There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
This is gon na be fun! We can stay up late, swappin'manly stories, and in the mornin'I'm makin'waffles.
Didn't I kill you already?
-- I can get you the shoulder-fired SA-7 surface-to-air missiles. The older Chinese model. Not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if used against a commercial airliner. I'm giving them away at eight-fifty.
Stupid superstitious bastard.
-- all non-denial denials -- we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
Frank, what do you know. It's you and me again tonight, the Rough Riders, tearing up the streets just like old times. This old bus is a warrior, Frank, just like us. I have tried to kill him and he will not die. I have a great respect for that.
Filthy little hobbitses. They stole it from us.
Mr. President, they ARE vulnerable. There'll never be a better time ...
Why Johnny Ringo, you look like Somebody just walked over your grave. Oh, I wasn't quite as sick as I Made out.
We be nice to them if they be nice to us. Take it off us. We swears to do what you wants. We swears.
Well fought, Gentlemen. It's time to save the Colours. Get to Rorke'5 Drift. You must warn them. The Colours.
He-llo? I've got like three pounds of underwire here ...
You actually address yourself by name in your thoughts? So you really think having two opposing ideas in your head does some kind of damage?
... attention to that man behind the curtain. Go - before I lose my temper! The Great and Powerful -- - ....
This happens .... this is something that happens.
Cyborgs don't feel pain. I do. Don't ... do that ... again.
Woman can changebetter'n a man. Man lives in jerks -- baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk -- gets a farm, or loses one, an'that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
Justice doesn't matter, alright? Because twenty years from now we're all gon na be dust. Mankind's been trying to kill each other off since the beginning of time and now we finally got the power to finish the job. Ain't nothin'gon na matter when the nukes start flying, and I promise you they will. Then Ozymandias here is gon na be the smartest man on the cinder. He sneers and walks out. Silence. Uncomfortable in the wake of truth, the others pack up to go, muttering apologies to Adrian, but Adrian ignores them, staring at the flames flickering across his face. He seems more thoughtful than upset. MATCH CUT TO:
Nothing. I think you really blew the lid off nookie.
It would be nice to think that since I was fourteen, times have changed, relationships have become more sophisticated, females less cruel, skins thicker, but there still seems to be an element of that afternoon in everything that has happened to me since. All my other romantic stories seem to be a scrambled version of that first one.
You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
I have a feeling about you. I know you'll do what's right.
Without the Matrix there is no hope. No hope at all!
You ... are a wuss. Part wimp. Part pussy.
It is the year 2005. The treacherous Decepticons have conquered the Autobots'home planet of Cybertron. But from secret staging grounds on two of Cybertron's moons the valiant Autobots prepare to retake their homeland.
To absent friends ... o family.
Corn syrup. Same stuff they used for pig's blood in CARRIE.
Fine. Go! You've stayed your hour.
Hello there! Come here my little friend. Don't be afraid.
One night. If I'm not 20 times better than boobs-for-brains over there, you don't have to pay me.
We just had a near-life experience.
Look ... just so I can tell my friends what this dream was about, okay? Where am I?
I like Harry, but I can't deny he sweats a little.
Still stubborn, aren't you? Is that what makes you special? Because frankly, I don't see it.
I was in the Show for 21 days, once. It was the greatest 21 days of my life. You never touch your luggage in the show -- somebody else handles your bags. It's great. The ballparks are like cathedrals, the hotels all have room service, the women have long legs and brains -- it's a smorgasbord.
Lippenreider, take over the controls. We may not have a woodshed on board, but that boy is gon na get a whoopin'anyway!
Someone better call the police.
She's waiting for you.
Beauty is a cruel mistress, is it not?
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur? A mean one? I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection.
I got punched in the face. What's your excuse?
Well ... they say it right when they are ripping the place to shreds. When they flood the house. That like ... destruction is a form of creation. So the fact that they burn the money is ... ironic. They just want to see what happens when they tear the world apart. They want to change things.
Listen, Miss Ladybird, you're here on a rain check and I know it. You're hanging on by your nails. You let that glory whistle blow loud and clear for Eddie and you're a wreck on a railroad track. You're a horse that finished last. So don't make trouble, Miss Ladybird. Live and let live. While you can.
Well, it's hard for me to take your despair very seriously, Doctor. You obviously enjoy it so much.
I told her not to worry. You had your papers on you. If you'd been hit by a bomb, they'd have known where to take you.
That's not good enough. You've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them ... with whatever you wanted.
Kevin. Kevin!'Behold I send you out as sheep amidst the wolves.'
Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to ... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill ... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted ... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman ... ... slow curtain. The end.
Gee. I've had men pay two hundred dollars for me -- here, you're turning down a freebie. You can get a perfectly good dishwasher for that.
Hey buddy! How you doing? Huh? Hey don't you remember me? I was here yesterday. Heh. Listen I think I left a book of matches over in your office over there. You want to go and check for me huh?
You're kind of a sellout, aren't you? What would the Melvins say?
Holy shit ... you're dead, man ...
Great to be drunk. Sobriety's killing me.
I have a very bad feeling about this.
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Chances of survival are dwindling into single digits now ...
Pool on the roof must have a leak.
I did. I split, man. I expanded my horizons, you know. Served my country. Saw the world, you know? I've gained wisdom and now I'm back, baby, back from the road. Me and Jack Kerouac.
What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin'at her rear end ...
We mortals have many weaknesses. We feel too much. Hurt too much. And all too soon, we die. But we do have the chance of love.
Do you realize that if I played by the rules, right now I'd be in gym?
These are more than headaches. This is like a steel plate slicing through my every thought.
Lucy, you're the only woman I ever knew didn't improve her situation by getting divorced.
Fits. You did good, Brain. Go sleep.
... Awful good cereal flakes, Miz McDunnough.
Oh boy -- has somebody come to town!
- and I'll never forget you, Eve. Where were we going that night, Lloyd and I? Funny the things you remember - and the things you don't ...
You men are dismissed. We'll take over from here. Any man who opens fire on Jack Napier ... will answer to me.
She isn't coming yet, Toto. Did she hurt you? She tried to, didn't she? Come on - - we'll go tell Uncle Henry and Auntie Em. Come on, Toto.
I drive a motherfuckin'Honda my sister sold me. You hear what I'm sayin'? A little white motherfuckin'Honda Civic. You see this shit?! `` Hollywood's hottest new star, next to America's hottest old car.'' Now you take a good look at that machine that this motherfucker over here is standing next to. That's a 1964 nigger-red, rag-top Chevy Corvelle. And I love that car more'n I love hips, lips, and fingertips. Cut to we sittin'here celebrating, gettin'high, drinkin'champagne --
Finger's gon na kill me.
That man ... is a brownie hound ...
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank?
Only me. On this whole earth, to straighten you out. And I will do it kill or cure. Now get your ass up -- you're going to school.
Hey, look. Hey! Every time they run, you take a shot.
This is an art gallery my friend. This is piece of art ...
Clint Eastwood ... I fucked him.
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
How about them indeed. I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers here. As you can see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open, and the folks here are having a wonderful time. Amity,y'know, means'Friendship.'
Don't you close that door! DON'T YOU
This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar.
I play a lot of Xbox.
We got a problem. Cerrano wants some extra power for tonight. He's lookin'to sacrifice a live chicken. We can't have people pukin'in the locker room before the game.
I knew this was coming. This or something like it.
What landed you this job, pushing `` pamcakes''? Punctuality? What was your area of expertise?
Well, look, I already told you. I deal with the goddamn customers so the engineers don't have to!! I have people skills!! I am good at dealing with people!!! Can't you understand that?!? WHAT THE HELL IS
Sir. Shall we change the channel to a program with some dignity and class? `` The Love Connection,'' perhaps?
You know what nobody understands about certain kinds of underpaid public service work? Now and then you get to put a fucking stake in a bad guy's heart. We're not supposed to talk about that when we visit a third-grade class on Career Day, and it doesn't get you very far into the country-club locker room - but it's hard to beat when you actually get to do it.
Their defenses are broken. Let the slaughter begin.
If you think you're not getting on this bus, you're dead wrong. No fucking way are you gon na miss this bus, man! You were probably the kind of kids who had your father drive you to school cause you couldn't catch the fucking bus. But no more, man. You're getting on this bus and you're taking it to the last fucking stop. So get on the fucking bus, man,'cause you're life ain't worth shit in this town.
It's probably for the best. I have this theory, I think, historically, women have been held back in so many ways that when they get power, like they do behind the wheel, they can't help but abuse it. It's akin to Hannah Arendt's Eichmann theory about prison guards and prisoners switching rolls.
Never broke into a car. Never hot-wired a car. Kid. I never broke into a trunk. I shall not cause harm to any vehicle nor the personal contents thereof. Nor through inaction let that vehicle or the personal contents thereof come to harm. That's what I call the repo code kid. Don't forget it etch it in your brain. Not many people got a code to live by anymore.
No! Not the Knights Who Say `` Ni''!
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
If you're lying to me. I'll be back.
Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper?
As we walked along the flatblock marina, I was calm on the outside but thinking all the time, so now it was to be Georgie the General, saying what we should do and what not to do, and Dim as his mindless, grinning bulldog. But, suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones use like inspiration and what Bog sends, for now it was lovely music that came to my aid and I viddied at once what to do. There was a window open with the stereo on.
Momma always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.
It is done. The future has found root in the present.
U.S.S. Enterprise, shakedown cruise report. I think this new ship was put together by monkeys. She's got a fine engine, but half the doors won't open. And guess whose job it is to make it right?
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. To each of us and all of us ... never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.
Looks like meats back on the menu, boys!!
Simon. I don't like finding out about people I work with via the news, unless they've died. Get over here now so we can address at least one of those issues.
Save it, Devaney. The people who hire me don't have to be convinced to save their own lives.
C'mon, don't be scared. I just wan na play with your baby.
Son, I don't fancy shooting mosquitoes with elephant guns. So suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day ...
Signs and wonders. But I think once you stop hearin'sir and madam the rest is soon to follow.
Lord, You sure knowed what You was doin'when You brung me to this very cell at this very time. A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewheres, and a widder in the makin'.
Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow. Just the two of us. Or just the one of us.
That MCP, you know, that's half the problem right --
Sometimes I wisht people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize her pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to bring her pain. She just don't give a damn. They let you smoke?
All right, enough is enough. You can't eat the Venetian blinds, Curly. I just had'em installed on Wednesday.
Mrs. Potato Head ... Mrs. Potato Head ... Mrs. Potato Head ... Hey, I can dream, can't I?
Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy.
Really, there's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster.
On yes. Our morale is much higher than theirs, we're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out, and pretty consistently knocking them for six. I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
And did you write `` Fuck Jay and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their stupid asses?
Taking over the world is one thing. It's finding good help to run it for you that's the killer.
`` Together in Paris''! Oh, when can we be `` together in Paris?!
Your talking about him as if he were a human being. That part of him died years ago.
You truly are one ugly son of a bitch.
... They got this guy, in Germany. Fritz something-or-other. Or is it. Maybe it's Werner. Anyway, he's got this theory, you wan na test something, you know, scientifically -- how the planets go round the sun, what sunspots are made of, why the water comes out of the tap -- well, you got ta look at it. But sometimes, you look at it, your looking changes it. Ya can't know the reality of what happened, or what would've happened if you hadden a stuck in your goddamn schnozz. So there is no'what happened.'Not in any sense that we can grasp with our puny minds. Because our minds ... out minds get in the way. Looking at something changes it. They call it the'Uncertainty Principle.'Sure, it sounds screwy, but even Einstein says the guy's on to something.
Wish I had a million dollars.
And I'm back in the saddle.
You killed my father --
Forget it, we're out the door down the hall and gone.
Ach, we've got to get out of this trap before this decadence saps our wills. I've got to be strong and try to hang on. Or else my mind, may well snap.
I want to sleep in my bed. I've got back problems.
Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
Listen, you're thirty-two years old and you've achieved nothing. Jesus Christ was dead and alive again by thirty-three. Better get cracking.
Cancer in a box.
It smells like Thai food in here.
After fight club, everything else in your life gets the volume turned down. You can deal with anything.
Virgins. I love'em. No diseases, no loose as a goose pussy, no skank. No nothin. Just pure pleasure.
I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.
Betty Finn was a true friend and I sold her out for a bunch of Swatchdogs and Diet Cokeheads. Killing Heather'd be like offing the Wicked Witch of the West. Or is it East? West! I sound like a psycho. Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free.
I don't like disturbances in my place. Either lay off politics or get out.
How about the shape of that liquor cabinet?
Luther, relax, it's worse than you think. The terminal's in black vault lock-down.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings: The sun for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned, and some punished, For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
We think it is time you recognized that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle. It is time you left.
Hang on tightly ... let go lightly.
On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
Seven-trillion-dollar communications system at my disposal, you'd think I'd be able to find out if the Packers won.
I'm going completely crazy.
I hope you washed your ass this mornin -- it's never been kissed by a king before.
But maybe racing isn't about being happy. Maybe Remmington's right and it's all about business and anyone who doesn't understand that is just a chump.
Did he have wavy hair and broad shoulders?
When you're young. Not much matters. When you find something that you care about, then that's all you got. When your young. A lot of the time fucking is all you have, hen you go to sleep at night, you dream of pussy. When you wake up, it's the same thing. It's in your face, in your dreams, you can't escape it. Sometimes when you're young, the only place to go is inside. That's just it. Fucking is what I love. Take that away from me, and I really got nothin.
The gunshot holds no fear. Say it.
Got to learn, like I'm a-learnin'. Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin'to fin'out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preacher got to know. I don't. I got to ask.
Good. Makin'steaks for supper. I expect you to come.
Maybe love shouldn't be such hard work. I know, but --
It was Sofia who never fully recovered. It was she who somehow knew you best. And like you, she never forgot that one night where real, true love seemed possible.
You people voted for Hubert Humphrey! You killed Jesus!
You're suspect. I don't know what your reputation is, but after the shit you tried to pull today, you can bet I'll be looking into it. Any conversations you want to have with me heretofore, you can have with my attorney. Gentlemen, keep your ears to the grindstone.
Love and happiness for ever.
I'm gon na pull the whole thing down. I will topple the gleaming pillars and drag the whole fucking diseased, corrupt temple down on my head. Stay tuned. It'll be Biblical.
Shush, now. No more screaming ... No more running. Time to die.
No. You know the moment I heard my child's vision had finally failed her, and that she would forever be blind, I was sitting in that very chair. I was so ashamed.
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Then I will teach you to use this.
She's still in love with the dead guy, anyway.
You bitch! I like that guy.
As long as the lady is paying for it, why not take the Vicuna?
What does it mean, exact change?
Have you ever let a romantic moment make you do something you know is stupid?
Doctor, I'm taking your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you I will get very choked up. Honestly. There could be tears. He peels out, leaves Simon fuming. Kaylee sidles up to him ...
Do you know what you sounded like? You sounded like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
Awww, fuck it Dude. Let's go bowling.
I said you `` love the cock''! I got ta be the craftiest motherfucker alive!
No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to stay saved, you know? For a little bit. I feel like the maid.'' I just cleaned up this mess. Can we keep it clean for ten minutes?''
To defend - this is the Pact. but when life loses its value, and it taken for nought, then the Pact is ... to avenge!!
One toke. You poor fool. Wait till you see those goddamn bats.
You're not only wrong -- you're wrong at the top of your voice.
Toruk Macto was mighty -- he brought the clans together in a time of great sorrow. AllNa'vi people know this story.
Know what Mother said to me? Daddy's demons are so intense he doesn't even know he's lying.
Bomb, this is Doolittle. You are not to detonate, repeat, you are not to detonate in the bomb bay. Disarm yourself. This is an order.
You ungrateful little brat. Just look at everything you have. When I was your age, I lived in a duplex. We didn't even have our own house.
My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I have been away for... quite some time...
Somewhere in here I was born ... and here I died and it was only a moment for you ... you took no notice ...
Suppose I shot you. How'd that be? Huh?
I know my behavior is ... erratic sometimes.
We did it right there, in the big cauldron!
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head!
It's now or never. I won't kid you. This is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in the dream, it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
Enemies, Bob? You been talking about the Queen again? On Independence Day?
There is no God. But I hope someone looks after you.
Behold the Underminer! I am always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness! Soon all will tremble before me!
Sicilians are great liars. The best in the world. I'm a Sicilian. And my old man was the world heavyweight champion of Sicilian liars. And from growin'up with him I learned the pantomime. Now there are seventeen different things a guy can do when he lies to give him away. A guy has seventeen pantomimes. A woman's got twenty, but a guy's got seventeen. And if you know'em like ya know your own face, they beat lie detectors to hell. What we got here is a little game of show and tell. You don't wan na show me nothin'. But you're tellin'me everything. Now I know you know where they are. So tell me, before I do some damage you won't walk away from.
There was a dream that was Rome. I can only whisper of it now. Anything more than a whisper and the dream vanishes. It's so ... fragile. The true glory of Rome is in a very fragile idea. Imagine a place devoted to the rights of the citizen. Where every free man has a voice. That was the dream ... And I fear it will not survive the winter.
Sometimes if things are closed you just open them up, you know?
Somebody once wrote Hell is the impossibility of Reason. That's what this place feels like. I hate it already and it's only been a week. Some goddamn week, grandma ... ... the hardest thing I think I've ever done is to go on point, 3 times this week - I don't even know what I'm doing. A gook could be standing 3 feet in front of me and I wouldn't know it, I'm so tired. We get up at 5 a.m., hump all day, camp around 4 or 5 p.m., dig foxhole, eat, then put out an all-night ambush or a 3-man listening post in the jungle. It's scary cause nobody tells me how to do anything cause I'm new and nobody cares about the new guys, they don't even want to know your name. The unwritten rule is a new guy's life isn't worth as much cause he hasn't put his time in yet - and they say if you're gon na get killed in the Nam it's better to get it in the first few weeks, the logic being: you don't suffer that much. I can believe that ... If you're lucky you get to stay in the perimeter at night and then you pull a 3-hour guard shift, so maybe you sleep 3-4 hours a night, but you don't really sleep ... I don't think I can keep this up for a year, grandma - I think I've made a big mistake coming here ...
Admiral, if we were to assume these. whales are ours to do with as we please, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
My, my, my ... you shine up like a new penny.
And here you are sittin'around on your butt playin'house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I., with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
Who is the little one? A pet, perhaps? Will she deserve my special attentions?
Buffy, what is your sitch? You're acting like The Thing From Another Tax-Bracket; it's too weird.
That tears it, Reverend ... From now on, you keep out ... All of you! ... I don't want you with me ... I don't need you ... for what I got to do!
Over the dog ... an ugly dog.
I get to feeling like a whipped dog some days, Rolfe, and some night I'm going to bite back. I swear it.
Now they have the map! And in this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second.
There's never an egg timer around when you need one.
-- just a few of the images we've recorded, and you can see it isn't .. it isn't what we thought. There's been no war here, and no terraforming event. The environment is stable. It's the Pax, the G-32 Paxilon Hydroclorate that we added to the air processors. It's ... .well it works ... it was supposed to calm the population, weed out aggression. Make a peaceful ... it worked. The people here stopped fighting. And then they stopped everything else. They stopped going to work, stopped breeding ... talking ... eating ... There's thirty million people here and they all just let themselves die. They didn't even kill themselves. They just ... most starved. When they stopped working the power grids, there were overloads, fires -- people burned to death sitting in their V0 chairs. Just sitting. There is a loud bang somewhere behind her -- she starts, gathers herself.
Now I'll die and I'll tell you: what? The biggest regret of my life: I let my love go .....
But to get ahead in this world, you need more than fair looks and a kind heart.
You know, I think this can be saved. It's a nice clean break.
When I was lying there in the VA hospital, with a big hole blown through the middle of my life, I started having these dreams of flying.
I was raised on a farm in Mooresville, Indiana. My ma died when I was three. My daddy beat the hell out of me because he didn't know no better way to raise me. I used to do dumb things but I'm a lot smarter now. I like baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you. What else do you need to know? She gets into her coat. Dillinger opens the door for her. They exit, watched by May.
Well, sir, that's quite a list. But you're absolutely right. And if I work hard at it, I think I can be a totally changed person by the time we finish lunch ...
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
I've got a better idea ...
You stabbed me ... with a potato peeler??
What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily Asshole?
You're so sly, but so am I ...
Relinquishing junk. Stage One: preparation. For this you will need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.
She's their base. Strong as an ox. She's like this Uber-Christian - doesn't say much. I mean, if she wasn't kinda pretty, you'd go, `` Hey, who's the tard?''
A famous victory! Kegs and legs. Open and on the house! Oh what happy hour!
I seem to be missing several memory engrams ...
Whoever you are, I have a really big dog with me and he bites.
It wasn't logic -- it was love.
Who wants to send a message to Germany? In the top right of FRAME The 2nd REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON ...
My dad's been captured by a ho.
Peel out. I love it when guys peel out.
Nothing but a wide world o'pain locked in there.
Coons? When raccoons try to get on our back porch, Momma just chase'em off with a broom.
I didn't mean to scare you. I just think you're interesting.
When I married Myles, we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
And, now Your Highness, we will discuss the location of your hidden Rebel base.
Shut up. I'm having a rhetorical conversation. How humiliating. Max Bialystock. Max Bialystock.
Don't make me use this.
... And you, West -- not every situation calls for your patented approach of shoot first, shoot later, shoot again -- then when they're all dead, try to ask a question or two. Working together will be good for both of you.
Alyssa Jones? Shit. I know Alyssa Jones. I mean, I know Alyssa Jones, you know what I'm saying? Me and Rick Derris used to hang our with her for awhile, right? Just hanging around her house after school,'cuz her parents were like never home, and shit. And one day, Rick just whips it out, and starts rubbing it on her leg and shit; chasing her around the living room - I was dying. But you know what the crazy bitch did? She fucking drops to her knees, and just starts sucking him off right in front of me! Like I wasn't even there man! I almost died! But that's not the fucked up part - the fucked up part was Rick, man - right in the middle of it, he turns to me and he's pointing at her and he says `` Cohee.'' Just like that - `` Cohee.'' So I'm like I'll give it a shot. And I start pulling her pants down all slow,'cuz I figure any second she's gon na turn around and belt me in the mouth, right? But yo, check this shit out - she's all into it man! She don't try to stop me or nothing! She's all wet and shit, and I just went to work, know what I'm saying? Me and Rick are going to town on this crazy bitch, and she's just loving it, all moaning and shit! It was fucked up! So Rick's the one that came up with the nickname -'cuz that day, she had us locked in tight from both sides - like a pair of goddamn Chinese finger cuffs!
Maybe some labels are best left in the closet ...
Look back over the endless travesties of your life and you'll see me. Always there, waiting in the shadows. When friends and lovers are wiped from your sight, I'm there. KASE When those you cherish die abruptly and for no reason, I'm there. And when a handful of misguided and pathetic idiots just happen to share your own private hell ... Guess who? He walks a full circle around Connor. All the while Kase addresses Connor, Faith never takes her eyes off Duncan. KASE But if you think it ends here, my ancient friend, you're wrong. Very ... Very ... Wrong. Kase turns back to Faith. Pulls his sword and without warning SLICES it across her throat. Faith reflexively GASPS, stumbles backward, leaving --
What's with you? Seeing a man die isn't enough? You got ta be close enough to smell his nuts cook?
and for the first time I'm gon na do it whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!
Nah. I don't play well with others.
Gentlemen, if anybody's got any great ideas, now's the time ...
I know how you feel. I know you don't believe me, but I do. I'm going to tell you something I learned when I was your age. I had prepared a case. Mr. White asked me,'How did you do.'I said,'I've done my best.'He said,'They don't pay you to do your best. They pay you to win.'That's what pays for this office. And that's what pays for the pro bono work that we do for the poor. And for the kind of law that you want to practice. And that's what pays for your clothes and my whiskey, and the leisure that we have to sit back and discuss philosophy. As we're doing tonight. We're paid to win the case.
The Army is a broadsword not a scalpel. You do not want us in an American city.
Grab the shovel, Harold.
I've lost my husband and my beeper. Have either of you seen either of them?
`` Disdaining fortune with his brandished steel, which smoked with bloody execution.''
I'm wetter than a fish.
Can you remember the last time you fucked? Huh? What I want you to do is close your eyes and remember ... remember the last time ol'Mickey gave you the high hard one. Are ya thinkin'about it? Good. Remember it. Don't ever forget it cause it ain't never gon na happen again. Cause when they get through with all that electroshock shit they got lined up for you two, Mick's dick ain't gon na be worth shit.
All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving you arms around.
Is that the only way you can succeed, Anton, to see me fail?
Sal, how come you ain't got no brothers up on the wall here?
Hello. Thank you for having me and my irresponsible child over to your home.
There was a time when I would've given my life for a kind word.
Stripper in West Hollywood. Lives alone. Very hot. A three on my finger scale. Means I'd cut off three of my fingers if God would let me sleep with her.
Hurry up, dear. Getting cold.
... case your aim is anybetter'n your judgment.
Excuse me? `` No duh'' is a product of fear.
Johnnie hits on anything in high heels.
She could talk her way outta a sunburn.
I dreamed some bad people were trying to nail me to a tree with hammers and big stakes and shit. Just like Jesus.
I don't know where you get your information, son, but I don't like it. The only reason I'm gon na do it is ... I need the money, that's the problem with money -- it makes you do things you don't want to do.
You be careful. -- people in masks can not be trusted.
Coraline? How dare you disobey your mother!!
... But biology and the prejudices of others conspired to keep us childless.
Hey, now I want to ask you something, Are you listening, asshole, because I like you? I got a serious question for you. What the fuck are you doing? This is not shit for you to be messing with. Are you ready to hear something? See if this sounds familiar. Anytime you try a decent crime, there is fifty ways to fuck up. If you think of twenty-five of them you're a genius. And you're no genius. You know who told me that?
This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi and it will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
Yup. That's how it's done. When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy. Then you're justified in taking it.
Oh, nice shot, Jaf --
An animal?! An an ... ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- that's the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life. Jesus Christ.
If you don't listen you won't hear nothing. Bush puts the big skillet on the table and sits down. Buddy is so low he can look under the table and sees how the table legs run right into the top without screws or nails.
The beautiful concert that you just heard could be the last concert of the East Harlem Violin Program. The Board of Education and the District Superintendent don't think that music is important for our children. But they're wrong -- and they're in for a fight.
Sure you do ... You're a big fat smart bug, aren't you?
Can you believe it?! Just me and my little knife! Snip - snip - slice - slice - Can you believe it?
Should I fix you some sandwiches?
Look, going good against remotes is one thing. Going good against the living? That's something else.
It was a dream. We live inside a dream.
By Grabthar's hammer, what a savings.
See her? I fucked her up the ass.
This is what we laughingly refer to as a plan, right?
This ain't a race. It's a showdown.
How do I know that? How about it, pretzel-man? What's your story?
My enemy's enemy is my friend, no? So, come in, friend.
Your name Roger Merman?
Try not to steal anything on the way out.
You've got ta be kidding me.
No. Really. I think you two should go ahead and slug it out. I mean, here we are stranded on an alien world and you boys want to get into a pissing contest. So please, go for it. I'll have Judy down here in a heartbeat to declare you both unfit and I'll take over this mission. Now I don't want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice. Is that clear?
I will always be baffled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities.
Well, me and a buddy went to the video arcade in town and, like, they don't speak English right, and so my buddy gets into a fight, and he goes'hey, quit hassling me cause I don't speak French or whatever', and the other guy goes something in Paris talk, and I go'um, just back off'and he goes'get out'and I go'make me'.
I know how to do it now. There are nearly thirteen million people in the world. Try to imagine that many people! None of those people is an extra. They're all the leads of their own stories. They have to be given their due.
... Ain't it the truth! Ain't it the truth!
Of course. DO you know how hard it is to find a decent man in this town? Most of them think monogamy is some kind of wood.
Ever since you started night school, you been givin, me headaches, Jumpy. Headaches. Go see what's taking him.
Hey, Bank Robber, want some advice? Next time, leave the engine running.
I'm havin'fish tonight!
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector. Do you have a problem with those orders?
You can't see it, can you, Charlie? I mean, you've never been able to see it. I came after him. And I'm gon na get him. I'm goin'with him all the way. The pool game is not over until Minnesota Fats says it's over. Is it over, Fats?
Why do you taunt me with your darkness?! Your evil is stinking up our streets! We're all gon na die!
Aw, you guys made me ink.
Anybody else would have left you by now, but I'm sticking with you. I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gon na show me the money.
These boys is not white! These boys is not white! Hell, they ain't evenol'-timey! I happen to know,ladies'n gentlemen, this band a miscreants here, this very evening, they interfered with a lynch mob inna performance of its duties!
Look, you can get it doggie-style or you can get it laying on your side -- those are your only choices. This is my house, and I get to say. Wherever McGinty sits is the head of the table, you know?
I'm not sorry -- I'll not apologize -- and I'll as soon go to Dublin as to hell!
You have given the reader the distinct impression that I am a misogynist. Actually, I don't dislike women -- I merely distrust them. The twinkle in the eye and the arsenic in the soup.
Play the Marseillaise! Play it!
Well that's right! If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
We came here to start anew. We are grateful for the time we have been given.
I'll give you a dollar to eat this collie.
... if I'd been president, they never would have killed me.
... Twelve hours after the President gives the word we can be on the ground. One light infantry division of ten thousand seven hundred men. Elements of the Rapid Deployment Force combined with Special Forces -- Delta. APC's, tanks, helicopters. And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
Hebedeebuh. Hebedeebuh. Maybe I did die in the explosion.
Hey, hey, hey. They're playing our song.
Well, don't just stand there. God's a busy man.
I'm afraid that's impossible ... The power has been destroyed. It's gone ... The Zords, the weapons ... all of it. The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers are no more.
I saw a monster. Can I have a glass of water?
Michael? Why are the drapes open?
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed ...
You broke the ship. You broke the bloody SHIP! I told you you don't hold down a turbo. You push it once, maybe twice for a boost but you don't HOLD it.
Only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
Music to drown by. Now I know I'm in First Class.
No. And no more of these informal chats - if you've got a discipline issue with me write me up or suspend me and I'll see you at the parent conference.
That she knew my name blew my mind. Some of my best friends didn't know my name.
Very well, where should I begin? My father was a relentlessly self- improving boulangerie owner from Belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery. My mother was a fifteen-year-old French prostitute named Chloe with webbed feet. My father would womanize, he would drink, he would make outrageous claims, like he invented the question mark. Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy. A sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament. My childhood was typical. Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons. In the spring we'd make meat helmets. If I was insolent, I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds. Pretty standard, really. At the age of twelve I received my first scribe. At the age of fifteen, a Zoroastrian named Vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles. There really is nothing like a shorn scrotum. At the age of eighteen, I went off to evil medical school. From there ...
To say that Choco is a product of a broken home is to presume a home existed in the first place. No, Choco never had a home. Not unless you count the ten or so juvenile correction facilities where he spent his childhood. < /i >
Oh! Two weeks ago, I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal -- and talked her out of buying a truly heinous angora sweater! Whoever said that orange is the new pink is seriously disturbed.
All you motherfuckers are gon na pay. You are the ones who are the ball- lickers. We're gon na fuck your mothers whole you watch and cry like little bitches. Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who are making the movie, we're gon na make'em eat our shit, then shit our shit, then eat their shit which is made of our shit that we made'em eat. Then all you motherfuckers are next. Love, Jay and Silent Bob.
Her dream had come true. She was a folk singer.
Safe journey. Safe return.
Where's Leo Devoe? Where's Chili Palmer? Where's my fuckin'money?
And to think I hesitated ...
He should not be hitting you, Jenny.
I'm all right now, Ashly. I'm all right. Come unlock this chain and let me out.
Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once. Sold Lady Kenmores -- it's nasty, nasty work.
Make time? Is everybody in this town on drugs?
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you. How beautifully we've done it, step by step. Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government. Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
It's not cheating ... It's charity. Bloom, look at me ... look at me! I'm drowning. Other men sail through life. Bialystock has struck a reef. Bloom, I'm going under. I am being sunk by a society that demands success, when all I can offer is failure. Bloom, I'm reaching out to you. Don't send me to jail. Help! Help!
I think you'd rather fuck me than kill me. But you don't have the guts to do either. You're a boxer. Not a puncher.
's nothing in there about Ruby.I'11
Well, isn't this a coincidence! I'm out for a little mornin'ride, and right in the middle of nowhere, I bump into General Ulysses S. Grant himself! We've never been properly introduced. I'm Dr. Arliss Loveless, formerly with the Confederate Army.
Do you like the way I feel?
Those people make me sick, Filko! But a law's been broken, okay? The law. Remember the law?
That's my brother! That's my brother goddamn it!
Listen to this bullshit. `` This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto.'' Huh, right, manifesto? `` You may stop me, but you can't stop us all.''
If you could take a dump some time in this century, then we could go home where its warm ...
You wan na know what I do? I get paid to take pictures of rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries. seeing more shots Adam took while following Last night I went to your house. camera, then cut to several photographs of Lawrence leaving his house, glancing over his shoulder and moving down the I watched you leave. I followed you photographs of the exterior of the Hotel Barfly. Lawrence inside the hotel, knocking on the door to one of the rooms while Adam hides around the corner with his all the way to that shitbag hotel.
To tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come on, fill me up
Man o'my years needs a little snort to get his boiler heated of a morning.
Always resignation and acceptance! Always prudence and honour and duty! Elinor, where is your heart?
You're a big man, but you're in bad shape. With me, it's a full- time job. Now behave yourself.
White Russian, no ice, hold the vodka and Kahlua.
In the world I see -- you're stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center. You will wear leather clothes that last you the rest of your life. You will climb the wrist- thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
Hate's a funny thing. Right now I bet you don't know if you want to kill me, or fuck me.
'The world breaks everyone, and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break, it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these, you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry'.
Why Ed, what an ugly thing to Say! Does this mean you're not my Friend anymore? You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it.
Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.
Harry, seconds count, buddy. Ditch the bitch, let's go.
Because of you ... I'm still alive.
hen was it that people stopped thinking of ambition as a sin, and started thinking of it as a virtue?
-- We might as well be frank, Monsieur. It will take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca. And the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Three weeks ago all I thought about was ... well, I didn't actually think about anything. I definitely didn't expect this.
Why can't you die from a stroke like everybody else?
I am a pretty piece of flesh! I am a pretty piece of flesh! Me, they shall feel while I am able to stand; I am a pretty piece of flesh!
I'd like to see a movie but there's nothing out there. It's all thisshoot-'em-up action bullshit. I get enough of that at work.
Oh, my God! The Bend & Snap! Works every time ...
Sealed with a curse as sharp as a knife ... doomed is your soul, and damned is your life!
Merlin, where are you? To weave a mist, to hide us ...
This night just keeps gettin'better n'better ...
Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust. Oh, I'm feeling weak ... with hunger. One more roll of the dice oughta do it. Haha What! Snake eyes. Eleven! Haha looks like I won the jackpot! Bye bye doll face and sandman. Ha, ha, ha What the ...
WE told him it was no go ...
I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to the White Star Line about all this.
I don't give a shit about barracudas. But fuck it. I'm building it anyway.
Do you have some unique knowledge of this prison facility, Commander Mason?
Enough of the mom-bashing, all right? Lex's mom is cool about us crashing over here while she's out of town. And if it weren't for Trip's mom, wewouldn'ta smoked that fine Panama Red last night. So leave the women who gave you life out of it. They're both cool.
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me. That's the thing, Romeo.
Eddie Dowd ... Everybody should own one.
If your memory was as long as your dick, you'd be in good shape. How long since you almost went to jail for this shit?
You're a seventeen year old piece of gold.
Major West, I highly recommend you never breed. That by the way is my medical opinion.
Close the door. The Godfather has more eyes than a pineapple.
I just want to hang out. No big deal.
I was good. I was really good.
Why take the escalator when I could take a canoe?
Now that, my friend, is a .. ... shared moment
As Charles Foster Kane, who has eighty-two thousand, six hundred and thirty-one shares of Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you. Charles Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him. You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
I don't know what you've got brewing and I don't want to know ... But when the music stops, I'd be much obliged if Keitel should find himself without a chair.
You know, we get a lot of detectives here, but I must say, I can't ever remember one so attractive ...
Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so'86.
I'm not blowing you off! I just want to be alone for a little bit. Trust me - I have a lot of things I got ta take care of. If we're friends, which we are, you'll understand.
Tess is with Benedict now? She's too tall for him.
Not another word. Better. Now if you've finished hosing down the decks with testosterone, I suggest you come with me. I may have found a way to get us off this planet.
What would you like to discuss now! My favorite color?
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in the dark with shotguns. Who's gon na be next? Somebody's wife? Somebody's kid?
Take advantage of our penny pussy sale. Buy any piece of pussy a tour regular price, you get another piece of pussy, of equal or lesser value, for a penny. Now try and beat pussy for a penny! If you can find cheaper pussy anywhere, fuck it!
You know, I'd like to try your house sometime. The idea of doing it in my sister's bed gives me a perverse thrill.
I didn't kill my wife.
Tense situations kid. Get into five or six of them a day and it don't mean shit anymore. I mean I seen men stabbed and it didn't mean shit. I've seen guns. Guns too they don't mean shit but that's when you got to watch your self. Here I'll handle it pal. Uh settle down.
Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash? I grew up in Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from Aaron Spelling! I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderb ilt --
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way.
It's raining cats, dogs and democrats out there, so this better be worth it.
Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise -- and otherwise-wise. Cheers.
Hotshot. You pull that hotshot stuff around me and I'll break every bone in your body. You understand me? You're in for a change, mister. You got that? Huh? You got that good? You're in for a whole'nother ballgame.
What'll you try next -- cheese?
The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has come.
God bless us, every one.
No, There are too many of them; you can't kill the world.
Holy fuck -- the little stoner was right --
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
You got a nerve, Tony, you got a nerve! You can't tell me what to do. I'll do what I want to do. X'll go out with who I want and if I want to fuck them then1'11 fuck them!
... You brought your bitch to the waffle house?!
Except for socially, you're my role model.
I used to tell Walter, `` Never start a fight ... but always finish it.'' I didn't start this fight ... but by god I'm going to finish it.
Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gon na hit the fan.
We have front row seats for this Theater of Mass Destruction. The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of ten buildings with blasting gelatin. In two minutes, primary charges will blow base charges, and those buildings will be reduced to smoldering rubble. I know this because Tyler knows this.
I'm ready Spock. Let's go find George and Gracie ...
You ... bastard ... You ... hurt my sister ... again ... and I'll kill ... you.
Anybody want some pie?
Like it or not, it's a matter of professional integrity. No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not.
I'm not gon na let this stand.
Harry's dreaming of a forty-million-dollar production he'll never get off the ground with a star he'll never sign. With or without my help.
I'll show you my true nature. Your nature. And as Earth dies -- remember that I'm forever Shinzon of Remus! And my voice will echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory.
It's a shield. I made it. Might keep the fire off you. Might not. You know, you're an idiot. You're going to die tonight. You'll be ripped limb from limb. This is the last time I'll ever speak to you.
Oooo. I might be wanting a bagel with my coffee.
All right, defense. Let's get evil. Kill'em all, let the paramedics sort'em out.
She is severely fuckable, isn't she? - And the very devil with a socket wrench.
If he gets a word in it'll be a major Italian victory.
Now that's what know in the books as screwin'the pooch. Iron this punk.
The night time is the right time.
And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo-Detoo.
The King's life in danger. We have work to do.
Well, what have we here. The police've got themselves an R.V. James, Alexander, southeast corner.
There's not going to be a happy ending. It's not possible.
Never fear. I is here.
Ah, Gotham. You wouldn't put me on a pedestal, so I'm laying you on a slab!
Yeah? Ain't that something? Middle of a drought, the water commissioner drowns. Only in L.A. Yeah
Every kid knows about Freddy. He's like Santa Claus or King Kong.
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a quality man in Los Angeles?
I am the beginning ... the end. I am the one who is many. I am the Borg.
Every evening I died and every evening I was born again. Resurrected.
You're totally lesbigay.
You never know. Lightning could strike.
Hello, police. Attacked by Xmas toys? That's strange. That's the second toy complaint we've had.
I've heard cars fuck with more harmony.
You just got killed by a Ford Fiesta motherfucker!!! How you like me now!?!
Written like this. One word. Small e. Capital X, capital Z. He turns back to face an as-yet-unseen audience.
Back home, they would have put me in jail for what I'm doing. But out here, they're givin'me awards.
There's one thing I don't understand. The thing I don't understand ... is every motherfucking thing you're saying.
Nice guys finish last. I should know.
The police eh ... they thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin-fever, a kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are
Well, I couldn't come down in my bathrobe.
Oh, they're both so beautiful, I can't decide. Why don't I have two heads?
Boo! Cross out Needy!
We have decided how sad it is for other people that they can not appreciate our genius...
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
Y'know what you got there? You got a fishhook in your finger.
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives, and when he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
That was either the creepiest ... or the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
Normally, my prospects of comin'back alive from a meeting with Nicky were ninety-nine out of a hundred. But this time, when I heard him say,'A couple a hundred yards down the road', I gave myself fifty-fifty.
Kill you to buy American.
, girl, I didn't know Nike made dresses. Guess
For a nation of pigs, it's funny you don't eat them. Fuck it, give me the sentence. Jesus forgave the bastards, but I can't. I hate you. Nation. I hate your I hate your people. And I fuck your sons and daughters!
You could spend your life looking for one. And it would not be a wasted life.
Ferris Bueller. You know him?
Yeah. What's wrong with being fat.
We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: solitude, hardship, exhaustion, death. We're proud of ourselves, in a way. But our enthusiasm is a sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos -- we want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the cosmos. We are only seeking Man. We don't want Other Worlds. We want mirrors. Maybe we don't need to know what it is, or why. Maybe just knowing that it is should be enough.
Mister McGhee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
What is wrong with your eyes?
All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats.
Hush, please, now that is enough, Margaret. If you can not think of anything appropriate to say, you will please restrict your remarks to the weather.
When you get tired of Cagney and Lacey, come find me.
No! No. This isn't a murder. It's an intervention.
Mother, I'm ... I'm so terribly sorry ... It was just a party. It's over. It means nothing. Those Siamese twins, that hunchback, Cousin It - they're not you.
They're never gon na let you perform naked. I asked.
Heroin had robbed Renton of his sex drive, but now it returned with a vengeance. And as the impotence of those days faded into memory, grim desperation took hold in his sex-crazed mind. His post-junk libido, fuelled by alcohol and amphetamine, taunted him remorselessly with his own unsatisfied desire dot.
The past is a funny thing. We've all got skeletons in the closet. You just never know when they're gon na pop up and bite you in the ass, Carl.
These dumb-ass kids never appreciate anything you do for them.
Luke ... Luke ... Do not ... Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke ... There is ... another ... Sky ... Sky ... walker.
Marianne, please try -- I can not -- I can not do without you. Oh, please, I have tried to bear everything else -- I will try -- but please, dearest, beloved Marianne, do not leave me alone.
... I would've told you everything eventually ...
Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless. Take your weapon! Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark side will be complete.
Your terrible secret, revealed. You're a man, after all.
Hey. They got a shitload of cookies.
My fears and secrets. I'm afraid I killed my mother.
You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother.
You wanted to know who I am, Zero Cool? Well let me explain the New World Order. Governments and corporations need people like you and me. We are samurai. The keyboard cowboys. And all those other people out there who have no idea what's going on are the cattle. Mooo! I need your help, you need my help. Let me help you earn your spurs. Ahh, think about it. Enjoy the laptop, `` Cool''! Tell me where the disk is.
Who's a busy man? Me? I'm Chairman of the Board. I got nothing but time ... What do you want to know?
I think this boy's cheese slid off his cracker.
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
Holden gave me two of his stories to read. It's like what a story would be. I was about a boy who was put upon, his mother was cold and selfish, and his father wanted him to play football. Other people didn't get him, especially girls. Then the boy comes to believe no one can ever really know him. So he starts actin'out, drinkin', and doin'all kinds of drugs. At the end the boy kills himself but jumpin'over abridge. The second story was pretty much the same as the first. Except at the end, the boy kills himself by drinkin'a bottle of bug poison.
What about my motive? Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal. You think I will?
The thing that haunts a guy is the stuff he wasn't ordered to do.
There they go and here we stay.
... it was amateur night, and you could tell. Whoever it was, they put the dynamite under the passenger side. But what they didn't know, what nobody outside the factory knew, was that that model car was made with a metal plate under the driver's seat. It's the only thing that saved my life.
I'm like a bad penny. I always turn up.
I didn't mean to hurt you, sir ... if you had shot me, you'd be mopping up my blood now ...
What a Caesar you would have made.
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
Come on out, boys! Jake's in town! Let's start the ball!
Mr `` Saviour of the Monarchy.''
Goddammit, Preston! All you had to do is look her in the eye and lie.
Are you waiting for confession? I thought you were Jewish?
So, how are you doing in Marlboro country? Is the magazine complaining at all?
Compensation for my brother-in- law's car. Indy, your father and Brody
Beautiful evening. You can almost see the stars.
No tears please. It's a waste of good suffering.
It doesn't have to be teaching, you know. There's the Civil Service.
People only know what you tell them.
I believe in you, me, and Rock and Roll. And I'm not too sure about you lately.
Consequences, schmonsequences.
What about me and the first Mrs. Dietrichson?
Damnit, are you boys gon na go chase down your leads or are you gon na sit drinkin'coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?!
For someone the N.S.A. has listed as the most dangerous hacker in America, you sure don't look like much.
He'll ditch everybody in the whole world because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him.
Five minutes, Dr. Jones ...
Someone told me that in fifty years no-one will speak Latin, probably. Not even Latin people. So you shouldn't mind too much about your B.
Float like a butterfly! Sting like a bee! Rumble, young man, rumble. Aaaaaaargh!
Hurry up, Chief, daylight's a wastin'.
That was so fuckin'money. It was like that `` Jedi mind'' shit.
I'm color blind. That's what's wrong - I'm color blind. I've been sitting here for a half hour looking at you and I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet.
I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart. If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world.
Why didn't you just shove a leash up my ass?!
In seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska.
Little fuckers are tearing me aparrrr-!
I've never heard of it either.
Andy Dufresne, who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side. Andy Dufresne, headed for the Pacific.
I do what I do best. I take scores. You do what you do best trying to stop guys like me.
I suppose I should have said it resembles tea.
My New Year's resolution is a far more selfish one than last year, so there is more probability of my keeping it. It is to make my motto: `` Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may be dead.''
Killing isn't like smoking. You can quit.
Don't grab a white lady's boobies at the big redneck dance. Is that the lesson? Well, I learned it. Don't scratch your head with the shrimp fork. I got that one too. So whaddaya say we call this off?
Absolutely not! Orson Welles! The most hideous man alive!
Was worse than you imagined, wasn't it? Baby, you with the bad boys now.
I'll rip out your optics! Optimus grabs Megatron's clawed hand in one of his hands, twists it in see-sawing test of strength which ... Optimus wins in a judo toss which sends Megatron - - skidding face first through steel rubble, in a shower of sparks until he crashes into the side of the city.
Don't worry. I'm not going to shoot you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb mother. I'm a very clever follow. I'll think of something better than that. Much better.
And one of those lights, slightly brighter than the rest, will be my wingtip, passing over, blessing them.
`` ... What I think is, it's never too late ... or, in my case, too early, to be whoever you want to be ... There's no time limit, start anytime you want ... change or stay the same ... there aren't any rules ... We can make the best or worst of it ... I hope you make the best ... I hope you see things that startle you. Feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people who have a different point of view. I hope you challenge yourself. I hope you stumble, and pick yourself up. I hope you live the life you wanted to ... and if you haven't, I hope you start all over again.''
The tender bows of innocence burn first and the wind rises -- then all goodness is in jeopardy.
Life is full of lessons. No one's above it. Not you. Not me ... Now get in the car.
God, I loved it. `` I'll send you a copy.'' BAM! Bitch went down. `` I'll send you a copy.'' BAM! Sid -- SuperBitch!
Wan na know if we're armed? Were armed. He dumps this guy on his ass, his heavy shoe an ounce from crushing his larynx. Red's two Thompsons concealed on shoulder straps are out from under his coat. Frozen time. PhilD'Andrea sits on the corner of a table. Only he stays relaxed.
In this big game that we play it is not what you find and it's not what you deserve - It's What You Take. I'm Frank T.J. Mackey, Master of the Muffin and author of the Seduce and Destroy System of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the techniques to have any hard-body blonde dripping to wet your dock!
You were keeping her sick ...
I'll give you a tune later.
Look at you. You used to be so cocky! You were going to go out and conquer the world! You once called me a warped, frustrated old man. What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities no stocks no bonds nothing but a miserable little five hundred dollar equity in a life insurance policy. You're worth more dead than alive. Why don't you go to the riff-raff you love so much and ask them to let you have eight thousand dollar? You know why? Because they'd run you out of town on a rail ... But I'll tell you what I'm going to do for you, George. Since the state examiner is still here, as a stockholder of the Building and Loan, I'm going to swear out a warrant for your arrest. Misappropriation of funds manipulation malfeasance ...
Should I tell you about your father? That's a tough one. Will it change your decision to send him here ... knowing? But if you don't send Kyle, you could never be. God, you can go crazy thinking about all this ... I suppose I'll tell you ... I owe him that. And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth ...
Oh, come now, everyone's interested in that. Everyone would like to put someone out of the way. Now surely, Madame, you're not going to tell me that there hasn't been a time when you wanted to dispose of someone. Your husband, for instance.
Just like that. I ain't the Madam kid ... I'm just one of the whores. And so are you.
That's fish four days old ...! I can't buy it, Susie! Right out of that mouth I love, like you're a ventriloquist's dummy, your BROTHER is saying goodbye! Gee! ... you want me to be honest, don't you?!
Anything is possible. It is night on planet earth and I'm alive. And someday I'll be dead. Someday I'll just be bones in a box, but right now, I', not. And anything is possible. And that's why I can go to New York with Sooze because each moment can just be what it is. There's no failure, there's no mistake. I just, I just go there and live there and what happens, happens. And so, right now I'm getting naked and I'm not afraid. You know? I don't, I don't need money, man. I don't, I don't even need, I don't even need a future. I, I could knock out all of my teeth with a hammer. So what?! You know, I could poke my eyes out. I'd still be alive, you know? At least I'd know that I was doing something real for two or three seconds, you know? It's all about feat and I'm not afraid anymore, man. Fuck it! Fuck fear!
Will you tell him that when I conduct an interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
Any last words, Fredricksen? Come on, spit it out!
Why are you now determined to prove that this Penguin -- er, Mr. Cobblepot -- is not what he seems? Must you be the only lonely `` man-beast'' in town?
Come back here, Sidney ... I wan na chastise you! ...
Nothing exceeds like excess. You should know that Tony.
She kept yammerin'the whole time, but her hips were doing all the talking ...
My attorney had never been able to accept the notion -- often espoused by former drug abusers -- that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them. And neither have I, for that matter.
You wanted to know how I did it. That's how I did it, Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back.
Does Barry Manilow know you raid his wardrobe?
Thanks for talking about me behind my back ... useful in court.
Moles and trolls. Work, work, work, work. I plan this for weeks. I go to a lot of trouble and all they want to do is study. I'm hurt. I know that's it's not like me but I'm sorry. I'm starting to get discouraged, people. We had nobody at the mutant hamster races, one entry in the Madame Curie look-alike contest, and he was disqualified later. Why do I even bother?
Don't anybody know where the driveway's at?! Damn!
I'm in love with you. I know we can make this work!
Listen, honey. Let me call you back. Miles and I are in the middle of something. No, it's nothing serious -- Miles is just having one of his freak- outs. Yeah. Love you too. I'll call you right back.
Quick! To the top of Mt. Wannahockaloogie!
Tell the world the truth.
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
I'm gon na row back there and see if he'll shoot you. Or me. Fine either way.
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.
How can he say that pure categories have no objective meaning in transcendental logic? What about synthetic unity?
Marco, Marco, Marco ... Get your Big Red butt over here!
Why is it you old men got ta talk so much? Like little boys, got ta talk yourself into fuckin'me. We can take our time. I'm grown. I get it. You wan na give me'nother bath?
Keep you damn filthy bones outta my mouth. SNAP! He breaks the boney arm in two and runs away from the sea of limbs. A bone arm rips from the grave and reaches for the Book of the Dead but Ash scoops it up first. He leaps over another set of groping arms that rip from the ground!
Why ain't you a sweet little thing? His boney digit caresses her lips.
Damn it! It never gets any easier! Anybody get the score of that Broncos game?
In the most AIDS infested region of the globe, where one in four is infected, Andre's idea of a joke was to put a young Iman and a young Naomi naked in my bed and no condom within a hundred miles.
You're wasting your breath, angelito. Nobody up there's listening.
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
Everything we know about you guys is wrong.
You never get used to the faces. Never.
Let me see if I've got this: The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know 13 years ago, when I wasn't President, participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against it doesn't exist anymore? Just out of curiosity, what was the fourth story?
I think ... I think we're fucked up. Both of us. I know I am. But ... that don't mean what I feel ain't true. It don't mean I can't love. And I know, how I been is ... is ... REALLY BAD! So if you want to quit on me ... I understand. But please ... please ... don't.
You can be mad as a mad dog at the way things went ... You can swear, curse the fates, regret everything you ever did ... but when it comes to the end ... You have to let go ...
Where did you pick up that cheap trick? Come on, boys.
I don't eat shellfish. Mom always says, `` Don't ever eat nothin'that can carry its house around with it - who knows the last time it's been cleaned.'' She should know.
She had got the cancer and died on a Tuesday. I bought her a new hat with little flowers on it.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me! Because I know it happens. It happens!
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
If I didn't say anything, people assumed the worst. They cried harder. I cried harder.
She's not your friend. She's somebody you use to feel better about yourself.
It doesn't matter what I think. It doesn't matter what I feel. The dead are still dead.
Veck oufl. Time for milking.
He must've been working late and some fruitcake came in and sliced him up like a kielbasa. In the shower! Left bloody footprints all over the ...
It's not in my best interest to say this, Frank ... but quitting while you're ahead is not the same as quitting.
No Vietcong ever called me nigger.
John, please don't --
A dick, man! And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other -- in bed with everybody -- fabulous stuff, man.
Not personal? That's my work in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time. If that's not personal, I don't know what is.
Are you ready for my wisdom?
He went out the window -- why? -- why would someone do that?
By joint edict of His Majesty King Louis XIII and His Eminence Cardinal Richelieu, the Musketeers are officially disbanded. In preparation for the coming war with England, your ranks and commissions are hereby transferred to the Infantry. You will be contacted and told where to report. Until that time, you are instructed to return to your homes.
Your lips would make a lollipop too happy.
Does the world'Duhh'mean anything to you?
There's no coke.
So it was when I had given up the search for vampires that a vampire found me ...
Don't look down, don't look around me. I'm taking you to the car and you're gon na want to look around. But you are not going to, are you?
The story is ludicrous.
I don't have it ... screws fall out all of the time, the world's an imperfect place ...
What is this, the fucking gay pride parade?
I think I'm in Maryberry.
Your destiny can be your doom.
Yeah, I wan na hugga your face!
Why don't you move it a little to the left? That's right. Great. Oh, hello, Peter. What's happening? Uh, could you give me those TPS reports ASAP? Mmmkay?
I'm your huckleberry.
Sam, I can go at least nine more rounds. But you got ta let me in. Please Sam. Please.
Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
Prepare for emergency landing. Arriving with American P.O.W.'s! Over?
Already in hell or in heaven.
Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
Thank you, fellow opera-lovers. It's been ten years since I elected myself president of this organization -- and if I say so myself, you made the right choice. Let's look at the record. We have fought off the crackpots who want to repeal Prohibition and destroy the American home -- by bringing the corner saloon. We have stamped out the fly-by-night operators who endangered public health by brewing gin in their own bathtubs, which is very unsanitary. We have made a real contribution to national prosperity -- we are helping the automobile industry by buying all those trucks, the glass industry by using all those bottles, and the steel industry -- you know, all those corkscrews. And what's good for the country is good for us. In the last fiscal year, our income was a hundred and twelve million dollars before taxes -- only we ain't paying no taxes.
She starts givin'me some bullshit about it ain't there. It's somewhere else and we can go get it. I'm shootin'you in the head right then and there. Then I'm gon na shoot her in the kneecap, find out where my godamn money is. I go walkin'in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you're the first man shot, understand what I'm sayin'?
A little advice about feeling, kiddo ... Don't expect it always to tickle.
You see a black leather jacket, fingertip length, like the one Pacino wore in Serpico? You don't, you owe me three seventy-nine.
Great. Thanks. I'll keep my pants on.
That was my father's final joke I guess. A man tells his stories so many times he becomes the stories. They live on after him.
Chapter Three. His existence was forming an interesting pattern of betrayals. Sometimes he was unsure whether he was the betrayer or the betrayed.
Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared. Oooh.
Where am I going to see colors like that?
Oh, man ... this isn't happening. It only thinks it's happening ...
Here's to swimmin'with bowlegged women.
When I was sixteen years old I fell in love ...
Mrs. McClane. How nice to make your acquaintance.
WHAT WE GOT HERE IS A FAILURE TO COMMUNICATE ...
The street would kill you, Danny. You're not tough. The second a brother pulls a gun on your ass you'll be holierin'for Doris. So here's the drill. Take it or leave it cause I'm sick of babysitting. I'm your history teacher from here on out. We're gon na deal with shit happening right now. Call it American History ... X. I see your ass once a day. Any more, any less, and you're a memory at Venice High. Clear?
Listen, you're dating Luis, he's in Arizona. You're fucking me, and we haven't made plans. What could you possibly be up to tonight?
Look around. I'll get us drinks. They always let blind girls cut the line.
Gon na take more than a knitting needle to fuck me up, boy.
I feel like I've been in a coma for about twenty years, and I'm just now waking up.
All right. Nobody move. I got a dragon here, and I'm not afraid to use it. I'm a donkey on the edge!
And that's the one label -- that never goes out of style.
Christie, do me a favor. When we hit the surface on the other side ... no backstroke. Okay?
But there are things you do hate, Lord: perfume-smellin'things -- lacy things -- things with curly hair --
I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years and when she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy: she was going to outlive me.
Keaton always said: & quot; I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him. & quot; Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser SOZE.
Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan'to stay, leave you stay, you wan'to go. Rahtid!
Professor Marvel never guesses -- he knows! Now, why are you running away?
Obviously certain `` changes'' have been happening. Up until now, things in Pleasantville have always been -- well ... `` Pleasant.'' And, recently, certain things have become ... `` Un-Pleasant.'' Now it seems to me the first thing we have to do is to separate out the things that are pleasant, from the things that are `` Un-Pleasant.''
So, `` shaved'' is the expression?
We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!
Rose isn't dead, son. Not really. Some of us die, but some of us don't. Rose lives. As long as some little girl somewhere gets herself up and goes out, Rose lives.
He won't be doing the crossword tonight!
My compliments. I'll take care of them from my share.
Nancy. You dreamed about the same creep I did, Nancy ...
Run! Get to the chopper!
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble! I'm going to make you beg for somebody to help you let go!
I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein'scammed, you're too fuckin'dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out! Get out! Go on. Let's go.
This cage is too small.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Goddamn cripples always end up on welfare. Ought to electrocute all of'em. Balance the fucking budget.
So, you must be the Red Dragon.
Poor soul, he was so high-strung. Afraid the strain was more than He could bear.
Doesn't anybody have a jet anymore? Plafsky? It is Willenholly. You got ta get me on the national news, pronto. Why?! Because we may very well be dealing with the two most dangerous men on the planet!
You've done this before.
This shrink school you went to ... did you hear about it on an infomercial?
This is a tragedy. A fine young man has been struck down. God- fearing, church-going, never in trouble, graduating from high school, ready for college -- and somebody comes along -- some rich white people in a rich white man's car and wham! They run him down and never even stop. Now what are we going to do about these parking tickets?
Oh, Come on! You have made millions off the story of her murder. You're obsessed with HER and you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER!
Let's make some fuckin'money, folks.
I don't know what it is about today, but I FEEL GREAT!
Hold your horses. You got ta cut your nails or stop that kind of dreaming, Tina. One or the other.
There are frogs falling from the sky.
That's a lot of prepositions ...
Boy, we sure went down the toilet on that ugly bitch. If we were Japs, we'd have to stay with our aircraft.
We've worked up several military scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike, we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are, I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
You're on the path to truth when you smell shit, isn't that what they say?
Have you ever heard a joke so many times you've forgotten why it's funny? But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new. You remember why you loved it in the first place.
Set course for Vulcan.
I just want to say to Tony -- don't take it personally. The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life -- no one knows why some things work out, and some things don't -- why some of us get lucky -- and some of us ...
Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor?
I think she knows what's going to happen... she doesn't appear to bear us any grudge!
Now, let me get this straight. This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?
Cameron! What a surprise.
Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
You want something done, do it yourself!
I'm gon na call you back.
This here's the bottomless pit, baby. Two and a half miles straight down.
Did you all take stupid pills this morning?! Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz? And now you want to let him back over here?
You're not a god, Phil. Take my word for it. This is twelve years of Catholic school talking.
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace since I'm positive we won't have a decent table, but we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
Hey, have a popsicle. The ice box just broke down and they're meltin'all over the place. You want one?
Sniff something did you, rat boy?
Well, I brung her something I know she likes.
Yes. I haven't lived. I've died a few times.
A true warrior, Rick-san, needs no eyes.
Bet on me, dude. Bet on me like I bet on you.
I just checked myself. They're being issued identity cards. Call comes, and evacuation officers meet them at pre-arranged departure areas. They go by helicopter to Mount Weather. We meet them there.
Curtains would do wonders for this barrack. You will not get them.
Ancestors, true bloodline, I ask you for your guidance. Bring me your solace and your wisdom. Blessed Mother, come to me in my dreams with the Gods'desire for my future. Blessed Father, watch over my wife and my son with a ready sword. Keep them safe until my return. Whisper to them in their sleep that I live only to hold them again and all else is dust and air. Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
I wish we could just go nowhere.
Okay, vampire killers, let's kill some fuckin'vampires.
28 days ... 6 hours ... 42 minutes ... 12 seconds. That is when the world will end.
No. I may be old fashioned, but I thought murder was against the law.
I'm not paying this back. I consider it `` asshole tax.''
Never touched a legend before.
... That is a very small room.
You still think you're going to walk on some beach, and see the birdies? I don't think so, Hannibal ... I called Senator Ruth Martin, and she never heard of any deal with you. She never heard of Clarice Starling, either. They scammed you, Hannibal ...
Thus ..... with a kiss ...... I die.
You know, Agent Desmond, I figure this whole office, furniture included, is worth 27,000 dollars.
I sure was surprised the day Lisa Flanagan asked me for a ride home and ended up blowing me.
Hey keep your fuckin'hands off me! I expect better manners from you, Dick!
You poor fools don't understand, do you? This car is the property of the World Bank! That money goes to
You're an actor, so act, motherfucker.
Maybe he's singing to the man.
Great. Good night. Guy shows up looking like a mime from hell. Least he didn't do that `` walking against the wind'' shit; I hate that.
As much as Mother Miriam does?
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name.
Rob. Top five musical crimes perpetrated by Stevie Wonder in the'80's and'90's. Subquestion -- is it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter- day sins? `` Is it better to burn out than to fade away?''
Richie, here's the peace in death I could never give you in life.
I may have saved the Mayor's baby, but I refuse to save a Mayor who stood by, < u > helpless < /u > as a baby, while a band of hooligans flushed our fair city down the tubes of debauchery, devastation --
This is vault, or as some of us have come to call it, the & quot; freak show. & quot;
Give me your hand!
Oh, my God! She's right! Why did I turn off Allison Portchnik? She was-she was beautiful. She was willing. She was real ... intelligent. Is it the old Groucho Marx joke? That-that I-I just don't wan na belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member?
Gentlemen ... I thank you for your vote of confidence. As the Shangri-la's new Director of Casino Operations, I'm gon na make a personal guarantee to each and every one of you. Your investment in this casino will be well looked after. The future looks bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright.
Casey Jones was a son of a bitch. Drove his train in a thirty-foot ditch. Came on out with his dick in his hand. Said,'Listen, ladies, I'm one helluva man. I went to his room and lined up a hundred. Swore up and down he'd Having fun, Mayonnaise?
I'll tell you a story. I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish. I had sixty goddamn fish tanks in my house. I'd skin-dive to find just the right ones. Anisotremus virginicus, Holacanthus ciliaris, Chaetodon capistratus. You name it. Then one day I say, fuck fish. I renounce fish.
Well, Roberts had grown so rich, he wanted to retire. So he took me to his cabin and told me his secret. `` I am not the Dread Pirate Roberts,'' he said. `` My name is Ryan. I inherited this ship from the previous Dread Pirate Roberts, just as you will inherit it from me. The man I inherited it from was not the real Dread Pirate Roberts, either.
Not a one of you is worth a goddamned hair on that good woman's head!
Fay, I want us to be friends. And friends don't hit each other,'less they have to. So whatta you say we start all over and you tell me exactly what the fuck is goin'on?
Sometimes we don't do things -- yet others know we want to do things -- so we don't do them.
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
Anna Crowe ... I am in love. In love I am.
There must be some easier way for me to get my wings.
Bobby Peru, just like the country.
Where do you think you're going?
have to talk. Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make. Get
Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken, diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world?
Take off your vest and I'll tell you a story.
Bad sportsmanship. A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues. They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win. If these people would just play the game, instead of standing on the touch line heckling -
You people. If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels? You do know what an angel is, don't you?
I'm coming up and if there isn't a dead body by the time I get there, I'll make one myself. You!
My father was fond of saying you need three things in life. A good doctor, a forgiving priest and a clever accountant. The first two ...
Glad I ain't going with'em. Somewhere out dere man is de Beast and he hungry tonight ... Man, what a bummer. Ten days and a wakeup and I'm still dealing wid this shit - fuckin'etcetera and ad infinitum man ...
This is the most magnificent discarded living room set I've ever seen.
I didn't mind. I would listen to the house breathing. All the people sleeping. I felt safe.
If you want to martyr yourself, Abbe, do it for God. Not a chambermaid. Now put your clothes back on.
You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend.
Ah, typical robot. The first Earth-chick we see in ten years, and he's got ta make a play for her.
How does one get off this thing?
You think I don't hear things?
WELL FIRST YOU GO RIP RIP RIP THEN YOU GO SNIP SNIP SNIP THEN YOU WHIP IN A ZIP ZIP ZIP AN'YOU SPLIT IT UP TO THE HIP HIP HIP AN'AS YOU STRIP STRIP STRIP YOU QUIVER AND SHIVER FOR THAT SOFT CARESS AS YOU SLIP SLIP SLIP ... INTO THAT LITTLE BLACK DRESS
A person's body is his temple, Wendy. This body is your first and last possession. Now as your own parents have probably told you, in adolescence our bodies tend to betray us. That's why, in Samoa and in other developing nations, adolescents are sent out into the woods, unarmed, and they don't come back until they've learned a thing or two.
Jerry, you are a restraining order waiting to happen.
Don't make my mistake, kid ... don't ... be a grunt ... your whole life ...
But I've got the bullets! The gun was empty!
You try. With all you have. To save yourself. If the worst happens, and only one of us survives, something of the other does, too ...
I can't stand it. Everything good always happens to other people.
Watch your mouth this time.
... up! Which one of you first? I'll fight you both together if you want! I'll fight you with one paw tied behind my back. I'll fight you standing on one foot.
Children! I love children.
Stop, please! If I hear you drop one more rhyme,I'ma hafta smoke myself.
Please, Mom. This is not the time to be yourself.
We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner Hoffman! We are talking about evil on two legs.
What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your assuse'ta be beautiful.
But would you mind very much telling me who the'fuck you are? Other than a man that feeds people to pigs of course.
You don't know that.
In telling the story of my father's life, it's impossible to separate the fact from the fiction, the man from the myth. The best I can do is to tell it the way he told me.
Wander separately? Ah, but only one is a wanderer. Two, together, are always going somewhere.
I've never really been anywhere.
Welcome to Pacific Tech's `` Smart People On Ice.''
English! English, you stupid little retard! We America now, Tina!
He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall.
Okay ramblers, let's get to rambling. Wait a minute, who didn't throw in?
Julie Gianni is stalking me.
I'm not really sure. I had a shower ... and some sorbet?
Why can't Jesse wake up like every- body else?
Forget it, boyo. You'd as like have angels fly out o'yer arse as get next to the likes o'her.
I checked the guide for ways to rescue a prisoner from Vogsphere. It said `` Don't.'' I'm assuming your plan is better.
Nigga, you got knock the fuck out.
Well, gim me a call whenever you wan na cut off my head ...
Mr. Takagi, we could discuss industrialization of men's fashions all day, but I'm afraid my associate, Mr. Theo, has some questions for you. Sort of fill-in-the blanks questions actually ...
Now there's an intelligently biting remark wrought with wit and irony.
I know there are women, like my best friends, who would have gotten out of there the minute their boyfriend gave them a gun to hide. `` Fha! You and your gun. Get out of here, who needs you?'' That's what they would have said to him. But I didn't. I've got to admit the truth. It turned me on.
Everything green on my boards, Skipper.
Do you see any Telletubbies around here? ... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it? ... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it? ... No? ... Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time ...
People look at me ... and they see my brother. That's how things have gone since the murder of our father.
Edward, who is this shitpoker who speaks to me as if I needed his advice?
Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true. You project strength to avoid conflict.
I've learned a person can survive off pretty much of a goat. I can't abide a chicken, but a goat gives you company and milk and cheese and then, when you need it, good meat.
Maybe we at war with Norway.
That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
You really scared me, you shithead.
You're gon na be OK, baby.
It's the so-called `` normal'' guys who always let you down. Sickos never scare me. At least they're commited.
I once traveled with a terrific guide, who was taking me to Faya. He didn't speak for nine hours. At the end of it he pointed at the horizon and said - Faya! That was a good day!
Oh right, of course ... It's always about YOU, isn't it?!
You should have gone to China. I heard they give away babies like free iPods. They shoot'em out of those T-shirt guns at sports events.
Watch this for me, big buns.
Sometimes I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Bring that fucker over here! Put his head down on that table. Marcel, holds his arm behind him, as he forces his head flat against the table top. Shosanna brings a HATCHET DOWN DEEP into the table, just by his face.
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Aramis, Porthos and Athos, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours. And as for you, Phillippe ... Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
Well, the man who killed Pretty Boy Floyd. He might have been `` Pretty,'''cause he sure was not `` Whiz Kid Floyd.'' Deputies stifle laughter. Dillinger comes up close to Purvis. They are eyeball to eyeball. Only the bars separate them.
I don't trust discipline. At the crucial moment I'd cop out.
Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was gay. Women loved him, man. I didn't see that one coming.
They think I'll make friends if we move. Just move and everything'll be roses and sunshine.
I'm walkin'in here on my knees, Ed - a free man proposin'.
You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another.
Think of Caitlin ...
They eat their wounded.
Yes. Your husband did show remarkable foresight in taking those pictures. And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious. But Bonnie, who is the real victim here? Let me suggest the following. Your husband, who on a prior occasion slapped you -- beat you --
So, now, on top of everything else, I got ta make sure that nobody fucks around with the Golden Jew.
Like throwing gasoline on a fire ...
That stinks. They left you with absolutely nothing. It makes you wonder about the entire legal system. Like Rodney King.
Major! Some day I think you and I are gon na have a serious disagreement.
Outstanding. Then all we need's a deck of cards. All right, let's move like we got a purpose.
I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race. Memory - I was his oldest friend. As far as I was concerned, he behaved like swine. Maybe I wasnt'his friend. If I wasn't, he never had one. Maybe I was what nowadays you call a stooge -
NIGGAZ! Two thousand years after Jesus! Thirty years after Martin Luther King! The age of Montel! Sweet lord a-mercy, izzat where we at?
I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't give a flying handshake what it is! Where's my bomber?
For relaxing times, make it Suntory Time.
We all worked together. Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor. My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands. I like the blood, is that strange?
What do I have to do to prove to you I'm not a killer?
We need Ninja MEGAZORD POWER, NOW!
If we could change something in your life, anything at all, what would you like that to be?
Heavens! Character actors. J
Two thousand. My advice is to take it. What you going to do when you're hungry? Eat the piano?
With the taxes we pay, you'd think they could make it more difficult to hack into the Police personnel files.
You are the worst thing that ever happened to me.
I just bet my balls and shook on it.
You dance like a herd of cattle, Miss Fairchild. You are a rare woman who lights up the room ... simply by leaving it.
See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed. I'm letting go now.
Au contraire, I think you can't resist me.
You may be as ugly as an old pot ... but you still a child of God ...
She don't like the cornbread either.
I can see as well as you can. I can feel everything you feel. In fact, I feel exactly what you feel. Don't I, Jean Luc?
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time.
No wonder he saw Jesus - homey's rockin'the ganj.
The minor awards, as you can see, have already been presented. Minor awards are for such as the writer and director - since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it and no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington. Eve ... but more of Eve, later. All about Eve, in fact.
I swear, before yesterday, neither one of us would have ever pulled a stunt like this. But if you ever met my husband, you'd know why I just can ... You wan na step out of the car, please? You wan na put your hands on your head, please? Louise, shoot the radio.
Huh? Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here.
Yeah. I know. I'm guilty. I understand that. I knew it was a crime but I did it anyway. Shit, why argue? I'm a fucking criminal.
You know somethin Uitivich, I think this just might be my masterpiece.
The man with the Colt 45 says chup.
Oh, no. I understand completely. In order to be successful, one must project an image of success. At all times.
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
And they know very well that if I fall, they all come tumbling down after me.
I mean if he had the guts to knock Mom cold once I bet she'd be happy and I bet she'd stop picking. They make mush out of him. Just mush. One thing I know is I never want to be like him.
Dabblin'in watercolors, Eddie?
You fucking spic bastard!
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
`` Hasta la vista, baby''?
Larry, just between you and me, we've got a very serious problem with the people who are taking care of the place. They've turned out to be completely unreliable assholes. Ullman phoned me last night, and I'm supposed to go up there and find out if they have to be replaced.
Don't you love it? There's Smith, he's standing there with the iceberg warning in his fucking hand ... ... excuse me ... in his hand, and he's ordering more speed.
With insomnia, nothing is real. Everything is far away. Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy.
Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.
You speak so many bloody languages and you never want to talk.
I can't do this without my other arm!
How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet! My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets!
Look at me, jerking off in the shower. This will be the high point of my day. It's all downhill from here.
Christ, I'm gon na choke on'feel good'...
He was dead just long enough for a murder rap to blow over, then he had lunch.
... Nieztsche says that there are two kinds of people in this world ... People who are destined for greatness like ... Walt Disney and ... Hitler ... and then there's the rest of us ... He called us the Bungled and Botched. We get teased. We sometimes get close to greatness but we never get there. We're the expendable masses. We get pushed in front of trains ... take poison aspirins ... get gunned down in Dairy Queens ...
Want to go to a real party?
Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you don't have a tab.
Indeed the record will show that `` Captain'' Kirk was once `` Admiral'' Kirk and that Admiral Kirk was broken for taking matters into his own hands in defiance of regulations and the law. Do you deny you were demoted on these charges, Captain? DO NOT WAIT FOR THE TRANSLATION ANSWER ME NOW!
Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
Try to take Payne alive, if there's anything left.
.... and it all happened so slowly that most men failed to realize that anything had happened at all.
Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you.
... Motherfucker ... Oh, you lousy fucking motherfuck ...
It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover. Sweet dreams, Mademoiselle. He gives her a little salute, and walks into the black of a curfew imposed night. She looks after him. She didn't show it, but he kinda got to her. After all, for any true cinema lover, it's hard to hate anybody who, CINEMA MON AMOUR.
`` How am I doing?'' I'll tell you. I'm sweatin, dude! That's how I'm `` doin.'' I'm sweatin my contract. I'm sweatin'Bob Sugar calling and telling me I'm blowing the big endorsements if I stay with you. I'm sweatin'. You hear what I'm saying?
They're dead. They're finished. There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world. But that wasn't good enough. Oh, nol They wanted the ears of the world, too. So they opened their big mouths, and out came talk, talk, talk ...
This syrup you're giving out, Sidney, you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker! What do you mean that lousy kid will give up my sister?
Listen. I don't know who you are, or where you came from, but from now on, you do as I tell you. Okay?
Spirited. Good. I'll enjoy making you bleed. I'll enjoy making you enjoy it.
You could argue he'd done it to curry favor with the guards. Or maybe make a few friends among us cons. Me, I think he did it just to feel normal again ... if only for a short while.
Sprite, good, mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down with?
Let her go! .. Another guaalude and she'll lpve me again.
I'm going to the movies! To see the brighter side of life! I'm going to the movies Everything's gon na be alright! Forget my troubles Put my own life on hold Let a studio tell me how to view the world!
My lord Ulrich is no longer. All that you asked of him, you may now expect of me. The dangers he would face, I will now conquer. The task he would undertake I will now fulfill. I am Galen Bradwardyn, inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, and I am the Sorcerer you seek.
Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe. I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones. But now finally I got my new goal. World domination. With your help ... Bunny .... quit that!
The key to that chain is in the bathtub.
You run one time, you got yourself a set of chains. You run twice, you got two sets. You ain't gon na need no third set because you're gon na get your mind right ... And I mean right.
Jerry, there is a `` sensitivity'' thing that some people have. I don't have it. I don't cry at movies. I don't gush over babies. I don't start celebrating Christmas five months early, and I don't tell a man who just screwed up both of our lives --'oh, poor baby.'That's me. For better or worse. But I do love you.
Hmmmm ..... Love, you say ....? Love is another story ....
Mary, you seen my baseball?
There's not a day in my life when I don't feel like a fraud. I mean priests, doctor, lawyers I've talked to them all, I don't know anyone who hasn't felt that.
I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor. It's not a charm school.
Don't give me an attitude, sir. You're assuming I won't shoot your sorry ass, and everyone knows when you make an assumption, you make an ass out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a'tude, jerkoff, I will see to it you spend the next ten years in prison getting ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown out because my arrest is too violent, then I will personally HIRE men to ass-fuck you for ten years. So if you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead and mouth off, but meanwhile you're under arrest for the crime of prostitution, now shut the fuck up before I cut out your kneecaps and use'em as ashtrays. Officer Donleavy, read him his rights.
Jesus, here I am, sitting in the center of a lot of wealth, the escalation in crime couldn't be better, and I'm not turning a damn nickel on it ...
No Zero, down boy. My what a brilliant nose you have. The better to light my way! To the head of the team, Zero! We're off!
Tell me Skipper, was it all just a lie? `` Where we go one, we go all''. We listened to you. We believed it. And we're still here!!
The possibility of physical and mental collapse is very real ... No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride ...
When I was a little girl, my mother would remind me each night before bed to be sure to open my heart to God, for he was kind, merciful and just. Things changed after my father left a few years later, leaving her to raise me and my brothers alone in a little place out on the edge of the Mojave Desert. She never talked about a kind and merciful God again. Instead she spoke of a prophecy. Of a time when all the world would be covered in darkness and the fate of Mankind would be decided. One night I finally got up the courage to ask my mother why God had changed, why was he mad at his children. `` I don't know,'' she said, tucking the covers around me, `` I guess he just got tired of all the bullshit.''
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
Does anyone understand a word I'm saying here?
I'm fifty-five-years old. I can't blame anybody for anything I do.
I hate this place. This zoo. This prison. This reality, whatever you want to call it, I can't stand it any longer. It's the smell, if there is such a thing. I feel saturated by it. I can taste your stink and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it.
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
Shit, I'd rather be in Afghanistan.
You grow fond of him. That's good.
God promised Abraham that he would not destroy Sodom if he could find just ten righteous men.
Good shit, huh? Dozer makes it. It's good for two things: degreasing engines and killing brain cells.
I now declare this bridge open.
You've got a gun. Get out of the car and shoot him in the head.
Definitely not from around here.
Ladies, ladies, ladies! Jay and Silent Bob are in the Hizz-ouse!!!
You are a very nosey fellow, kitty cat ... you know what happens to nosey fellows?
Think they're trying to poison me?
Do you know - you ought to find yourself a girl.
I know. I've got a date tonight.
Okay. Tell me, would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you?
Yes, I love you - ah, fuck it -- I'm just gon na say the thing you're not supposed to say -- I love you but I love me more. And I've been in a relationship with myself for forty-nine years and that's the one I need to work on.
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies. You can't buy car with cookies. Am I right, Jim?
Billy and his penis don't deserve you.
I had better sex in prison.
Next time I see you, you die.
Kiss me. I'm going to be your wicked stepmother.
Pumpkin you're dating an asshole.
Since you like chicks, right .. do you just look at yourself in the mirror all the time?
You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
Hey, how come Andrew gets to get up? If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy!
Wallace Beery. Wrestling picture. What do you need, a road map?
We don't have a permit. RUN!
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat! Keep your ugly fucking goldbricking ass out of my beach community!
You can take either stairway -- I prefer the left - the sinister side.
I've never been to Earth. I've never even slept over at some other dude's house!
My tremendous intuitive sense of the female creature informs me that you are troubled.
You know one of the ways movies still have Squid beat? Because they always say `` The End.'' You always know when it's over. It's over! Now please leave. I have to go on again in a couple of minutes.
A wooden pickle.
Making up a song about Coraline. She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal of mine. She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who ever laid their eyes on Cor- a-line.
It's not just a car. It's a sixty-four and half Mustang convertible. That's the difference between you and me, and why you live here and I'm just passing through.
She is not to get off that train ... alive!
We all know it doesn't matter who gets elected president of Millard. You think it's going to change anything around here, make one single person happier or smarter or nicer? The only person it matters to is the one who gets elected. The same pathetic charade happens every year, and everyone makes the same pathetic promises just so they can put it on their transcripts to get into college. So vote for me, because I don't even want to go to college, and I don't care, and as president I won't do anything. The only promise I make is that if elected I will immediately dismantle the student government, so that none of us will ever have to sit through one of these stupid assemblies again!
Ling Ling finds a wallet on the ground filled with money. She takes the wallet to the address on the driver's license but keeps the money inside the wallet.
You are right. It is rotten. I will speak to the King myself. You have my word.
Victims. Aren't we all.
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Well now H.I., looks like you been up to the devil's bidnis!
Good afternoon, Clarice.
Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.
So when we meet tomorrow night would you be so kind as to bring all of the pictures and the memory card from your camera. That way we can like each other simply for who we are. If you don't show up, I will presume you've gone to the police and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, someone will find you wherever you are and kill you.
Georges, when you're gone, Tippy is all I've got and -- I get so lonely.
I spose I'm drinking myself to sleep. It's Helena's Christmas songs .. they're really pretty ..
Uh, sir ... Larry King called, to cancel. Apparently, there's a bigger story.
Excuse me, but this island didn't have a murder rate until you people showed up. I've never seen a dead body before.
Whoa! Shit, Neo, you scared the bejeezus out of ne.
I wish you could've known my father ...
Well something sure as hell ain't right ...
Was wondering when `` El Capitan'' was going to get a chance to use his pop gun.
Mattie is cinching her gear onto Little Blackie. She mounts and rides off as the letter ends:
Law Three: Mercy is for the weak. Four: Terror will defeat reason. Five: Your allegiance is to the clan. Six: Justice can be dictated. Law Seven. Any clansman may challenge for leadership of the clan. Does any man here wish to challenge me?
Those goddamn Kennedys are going to destroy this country if we don't do something about this.
... the circuits that can not be cut ... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident ... You ask for miracles, Theo ... I give you the FBI ...
There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gon na die. All of us! I saw it!
Like everyone else, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct.
, make them stop, they're everywhere, every city every house every room, they're all inside me, I can hear them all and they're saying nothing! GET UP! PLEASE, GET THEM UP!, please God make me a stone ...
`` A storm is coming, Frank says. A storm that will swallow the children ... and I will deliver them from the kingdom of pain.'' `` I will deliver the children to their doorsteps. I will send the monsters back to the underground. I will send them back to a place where no one can see them ... except for me. Because I am Donnie Darko.''
Pick that up and put it down properly. Alex does so, and continues to empty his pockets.
If ya think readin'comics about yer life seems strange, try watchin'a play about it. God only knows how I'll feel when I see this movie. But truth be told, the play wasn't half bad, and we got a free trip outta it. Things were goin'pretty good for a change. Variety called me `` The Blue Collar Mark Twain,'' and Doubleday was interested in publishing an anthology of `` American Splendor.''
If your god should persecute me into the next world, then I shall simply have to find myself another. Shocked murmers of outrage shudder through the crowd. Kase steps up and RIPS AWAY Caiolin's cherished silver CRUCIFIX, with its distinctive wooden Christ figure.
Some things belong on paper, others in life. It's a blessed fool who can't tell the difference.
Feel like pleading for your life?
Are you really? I mean, we've done some pretty fucked up shit in our time but this ... I mean, we're destroying an innocent girl. You do realize that.
Pain can be controlled. You disconnect it.
Boys, this is my church. If you don't think Christ is here on the waterfront, you got another guess coming. And who do you think He lines up with
Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city. He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal. I mean, he actually enjoyed it. Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies. He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went fast.
I can take care of myself. I've been using the Bowflex.
It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity: a lost world in South America! Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls, it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science. Who would dare set foot on this inhospitable summit?
If what I think is happening is
There's a strong streak of good in you, Superman. But then, nobody's perfect. Almost nobody.
You're sayin'- what're you sayin'?
My love. I know how to do the play. It'll take place over the course of one day. The day will be the day before you died, the happiest day of my life. I'll be able to relive it forever.
Two kids tried to set me on fire.
With all my black little heart.
You think you're going to heaven because your `` honest.'' You're not. You're going to the same hell as the crooked cops you can't stand.
I guess you're not home.
I wish it was true. Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? If only I could do stuff like that -- I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings.
Ages three and up. It's on my box. Ages three and up! I'm not supposed to be babysitting Princess Drool.
We've frozen all of Syndrome's assets. lf he even sneezes, we'll be there with a hanky and a pair of handcuffs. The people of this country are indebted to you.
Why does everyone wan na see my schlong? I am the one-and-only-almighty-bungholiooo!
Sorry, Kitty! I'll be right back after I choke my monkey.
Forget it.I'11 probably shit blood tonight.
Definitely feeling aggressive tendencies ...
It's going to be a long spring.
`` Star light, star bright, First star I've seen tonight, Wish I may, wish I might, Have this wish I wish tonight.''
I can't get over you two. She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.
I'm an ape, mom. I'm an ape. And apes don't drop lines.
Just a minute just a minute. Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no business man. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anybody else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was ... Why, in the twenty- five years since he and Uncle Billy started this thing, he never once thought of himself. Isn't that right, Uncle Billy? He didn't save enough money to send Harry to school, let alone me. But he did help a few people get out of your slums, Mr. Potter. And what's wrong with that? Why ... Here, you're all businessmen here. Doesn't it make them better citizens? Doesn't it make them better customers? You ... you said ... What'd you say just a minute ago? ... They had to wait and save their money before they even ought to think of a decent home. Wait! Wait for what? Until their children grow up and leave them? Until they're so old and broken- down that they ... Do you know how long it takes a working man to save five thousand dollars? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about ... they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him, but to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well, in my book he died a much richer man than you'll ever be!
Alright I admit it. This is pretty cool. It's ... amazing.
Sheriff, may I present a pair of Fellow sophisticates, Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion? Watch your ear, Creek.
Shut your filthy hole, you scum!!!
I don't believe this before Abe jive. I didn't go to night school to sing in no Mississippi Boys Choir!
Visit those foreclosin'sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
That's too much power for one man to have.
Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an'turned him into a horney- toad!
You know -- you're not as vile as I thought you were.
Used to be as regular as morning prayers. Matter of fact I could set my watch by my bowels. That beeswax you fed me, day before yesterday, it stops a man up. Open my gut now they'd find turds stacked up like little black twigs.
Low profile. Do you know what the words `` low profile'' mean?
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies. I want things to be as they were.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear.
I know about you and the teacher.
You're a beautiful girl. You don't want to ruin your looks. I've seen a lot of girls get shot to hell from this stuff.
All he wanted was some mu-shu.
Well, that's news to me. The name's Tom.
You can't expect to kneel down in the middle of a highway and live to talk about it.
Dont follow the lights!
Nice throw, dickhead.
Look at that fuckin'bone.
I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
Do you have any idea what its like to have two people look at you with total lust and devotion through the same pair of eyes? No I don't suppose you would. It's quite a thrill, Craig.
Now who's this mother fucker?
This beaner fare doesn't agree with me, but the price sure is right.
Kids, did you do your homework?
Uh huh. And he wants cash on the nail. He's a pot skulled reef worm with more hop in his head than blood. Why pay for dirt you can't believe?
I won't let go. I promise.
YOU'LL FIND HAPPY HEARTS AND SMILING FACES AND TOLERANCE FOR THE ETHNIC RACES IN DENTON
Diane, it's 4:20 in the afternoon. I am standing here at Wind River where they found the body of Teresa Banks. Diane, this case has got a strange feeling for me. Not only has Agent Chester Desmond disappeared but this is one of Cole's Blue Rose cases. The clues that were found by Agent Desmond and Agent Stanley have lead to dead ends. The letter below the fingernail gives me the feeling that the killer will strike again. But like the song says, `` ... who knows where or when''.
I broke the heel off of one of my shoes ... I don't usually walk around in my bare feet ...
He's too fast!
Sorry. I was just trying to be nice.
I know that. I realize. But if a certain British doctor never asked `` What's this fungus?'' we wouldn't today have penicillin. Correct?
You know a friend of mine broke his hand a while back. Put in a cast. Very next day he takes a fall, protects his bad hand, falls on his good one, breaks that too. So now he's got two busted flippers and I say to him `` Creighton, I hope your wife loves you.'Cause for the next five weeks you can not wipe your own goddamn ass ...''
Somebody put me back in the fridge.
Mind if I use the portable keyhole?
IT'S NOT PAYBACK. I don't answer to you. + It's precaution. You want payback? You want to run? I don't care. I'm going to finish this thing. Not for Fenster, not for anybody else, but for me. This Kobayashi cocksucker isn't going to stand over me. All of you can go to hell.
The gangsta of love don't eat no fried chicken ...
But he's naturally mendacious -- not to be trusted -- if he had a hundred dollars he'd steal a stick of chewing gum.
I swear I will not kill anyone.
That'll do, Donkey. That'll do.
Freak, schmeek. Most of us are freaks in one way or another. Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean.
Yeah, I have that effect on people.
Try any sleight-of-hand with my money and Ill cut your throat.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, `` Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.'' Don't be resigned to that. Break out!
The dead can return, given sufficient motivation. And Corvis has that.
You always want to invest in things people can't do without. Water and cemeteries are pretty safe.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree -- so don't give me too many bumps.
How could I forget about you? You're the only person I know.
Jesse ... Darling? ... you know the best thing that could happen to me right now? That you get hit by a truck and die.
Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.
You poor guys ... always confusing your pistols with your privates ...
I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh and I can't find my baby ...
Well, you're not leaving till it's fixed, I'll tell you that.
Son, you got a panty on your head.
I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll. Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, `` We've only just begun.''
There's no mistake, Bill. If you veto their funding, it's not a mistake. If you hurt someone intentionally, it's not a mistake.
You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.
Well, you know what they say. Human see, human do.
It was this secret government project. They did stuff to me. Spooky stuff. Anal stuff. Turned me into a dangerous Telekinetic. As the old saying goes - you don't start none ... there won't be none.
Sean told me you're going to New York. Please don't go!
... of the Great and Powerful Oz! I said - - come back tomorrow!
At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it. Down there everything is so still and silent that it lulls me to sleep. It is a weird lullaby and so it is; it is mine.
And will you be able to wield the drill with your maimed extremity?
You will not tell. As you love me and as I love you, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig!
I got it! I got it! What's the answer?
Petroleum. I could sink a well down here and retire.
Dr. Gordon, this is your wake up call. Every day of your working life, you have given people the news that they are going to die soon. Now you will be the cause of death. Your aim in this game is to kill Adam. glances down at the tape recorder wide-eyed, You have until six on the clock to do it. There sa man in the room with you. When theres that much poison in your blood, the only thing left to do is shoot yourself. There are ways to win this hidden all around you. Just remember: X marks the spot for the treasure. If you do not kill Adam by 6:00, then Alison and Diana will die, Dr. Gordon. And Ill leave you in this room to rot. Let the game begin.
Life was sweet. For a minute.
I'm just yankin'your chain!
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear ... I will permit it to pass over me and through me.
I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise.
As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
Nothing but the best for Greta!
Mellow greetings. What seems to be your boggle?
You better get a good lawyer.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
It's not about what you know. It's about what you can prove in court. Your words. Like when you called it a justice system. You know the thing about a system, Nick? Any system can be played.
All going about their business. It seemed like I knew a secret -- a bigger one even then what had really happened to Big Dave, something none of them knew ...
I'm gon na hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gon na lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin'arms.
I'm a parent, I don't have the luxury of principles.
-- When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of -- was a hall pass. That's all I wanted. I loved moving freely around the school while everybody else was trapped in there ... And that's how I feel right now ... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
I'm an American and I demand to see Liza Sutton!
Yeah? Well, kids don't like their parents to get divorced.
When I speak of time, I'm referring to the fourth dimension.
I wonder if they'd let Watson and I dissect your brain -- after you're hanged, of course. I'd wager there's some deformity that would be scientifically significant. Then you would serve a greater purpose, too.
Oh. Hey. Look, I'm not some crazy Ted Bundy guy. I'm not going to rape you or kill you or anything.
Awright! Stand back, you pedestrians, this ain't no automobile accident!
There was no way I was gon na walk around this place with my dork hangin'out!
Good things never last, Mr. Denham.
Mrs. Richards. ... I'll never forget this night as long as I live. And I'll never forget you for making it possible.
Can you feel my eyes on you? Can you feel me look into your heart? Can you feel me in the pit of your stomach? Can you feel me in you? In your heart?
79 -- 83 -- 91 -- they're all primes, no way that's a natural phenomenon --!
I'm on their blacklist already, their roll of honor.
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them if they bear it.
No, I know what I look like without any clothes on -- I look naked.
Four years? I'm gon na do it in three.
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone.
Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an amp?
They tried to ruin me. But they are ruined. They tried to ruin me because they did not like what I have done. Do you like what I have done?
Now, notice how in the count room nobody ever seems to see anything. Somehow, somebody's always lookin'the other way. Now, look at these guys. They look busy, right? They're countin'money. Who wants to bother them? I mean, God forbid they should make a mistake and forget to steal. Meanwhile, you're in and you're out.
It was hard to know how to feel. I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before.
Oh, wonderful. My secret weapon is - PMS. That's just great. Thanks for telling me.
Sure is a funky old house, ain't it?
So what's the object of the game?
Yeah, well, your best better get a helluva lot fuckin'better, or you're gon na feel a helluva fuckin'lot worse.
Look! You're moving. You're ALIVE!
No smoking? No drinking? What kind of country is this?
... Thank you for giving that letter to the cops. I forgot I asked you to do it but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass. And now the cops know I wrote it, which is gon na keep my ass out of jail. That, plus everyone agreeing that the Phoenix police department shooting an unarmed Santa was even more fucked-up than Rodney King. The cops are treating me like fucking royalty now which is new in my experience. They are gon na make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department. Whatever.
Hi there. Something wrong with the elevator?
FINISH THE FUCKING STORY! What happened?! What about the glands?
A woman's shoulders are the frontlines of her mystique. And her neck, if she's alive, has the very mystery of a border town. It's the no man's land in the battle between mind and body. You know, your natural color would really bring out your eyes ...
Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time?
Good morning, Azul. Do you know who this is?
I suppose the smaller caliber pistols would have to fire baby teeth. The tooth fairy could go I into the arms business.
I know it's hard for you Johnny. You want me so bad it's like acid in your mouth. But not his time. Let's go.
I never thought I would say this, but can I go work now?
Spirits and powers of the flame, attend and witness this ritual. Bear our gifts to Thorn. Open us to the path of Darkness. By these runes transform us. Open our eyes and show us the Chosen One to whom we offer this sacrifice of Innocent Blood.
What you take into your hands, you take into your heart.
You're not going to shoot, Sean. Not this bitch. She's worth thirty-seven million pounds.
No, on second thought, let's not go to Camelot.
Were it not for my companion I believe I would be having the time of my life. He is quite possibly the foulest person I have ever met.
I became a Marine for the hardship. To be hammered on the anvil of life. I told myself I could pass any test a man can pass.
You look like shit.
I'll understand if you don't. But I hope you do.
You're from Muncie?!
And what, to flog a horse that if not at this point dead is in mortal danger of expirin', does the dotted square represent?
If you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
I mean, yeah. They went Benihana on my ass. It should have killed me. But for some reason, it didn't.
Within your time, buster. Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
You're welcome. Good night Santa. Good night Mrs. Santa's sister.
Come inside. Watch TV.
emember when you were a kid, and you'd hold your breath when you went past a graveyard?
Drew, I know your dog died, but ... get a grip, man, you're freaking me out.
I was 15, I was coming home from school, I was ill ...
Captain Kirk was your host! You repaid his hospitality by trying to steal his ship and murder him.
This is how it starts. Next thing you know ... we're only having sex three or four times a week.
Give me all your money, bitch!
Damnit, Bones, you're a doctor. You know that pain and guilt can't be taken away with a wave of a magic wand. They're things we carry with us - the things that make us who we are. If we lost them, we lose ourselves. I don't want my pain taken away. I need my pain.
But with all the attention the newspapers and television have given you, you'd think that you were the pope or something.
He's never met a princess. Only queens.
She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
Why don't you go find a haunted house and rattle some chains.
My client says there are two more bodies ... two more dead, hidden away. He will take Detective Mills to these bodies, but only Detective Mills. Only at sixo'clock, today.
Well, how'd you like to kiss my sister's black cat's ass. Harrigan fires. C.L. slumps, goes down on the other knee. More bounty hunters burst into the room.
This is the most tormented man I have ever known. I am in love with this man. He doesn't know that. I never told him cause he can never love anybody since he lost his hand and his girl.
A dog of the house of Capulet moves me!
Kids! Always a disappointment.
Assigned to protect you. You've been targetted for termination.
... we're all just one trade away from humility, Buddy ...
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
Would you like a lesson in the rules of war?
You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
Listen, you bumble-headed baboon --
`` I'm going back someday, come what may, to Blue Bayou ...''
What does your gut tell you?
For example, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.
And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
Dammit, Janet.
Orders are -- nobody can see the Great Oz! Not nobody -- not nohow!
Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
Now, her name is Irene and it is night. Don't take it any further than that. There's nothin'good about it.
Paulie might have moved slow, but it was only because he didn't have to move for anybody.
A son is a poor substitute for a lover.
So far this is not blowing my skirt up, gentleman. Do you have anything remotely substantial? Don't be pumping beets up my ass here. Do you have hard data?
Hello Captain. Do you remember me?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I do believe Marsellus, my husband, your boss, told you to take me out and do whatever I wanted, Now, I want to dance. I want to win. I want that trophy.
Too much reality for a Friday night.
Why would Thorwald want to kill a dog? Because it knew too much?
Darn it, I forgot to take my birth control pill.
All right, then, gentlemen. We are all friends again. And with Christmas coming on, I have a special treat for you. I'll have you all deloused for the holidays. And I'll have a little tree for every barrack. You will like that.
Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
Sweetie, you shit your pants this year. Maybe you're done.
Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data?
I don't know, either. I want to find out. I've never been hit, have you?
Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun.
Me lead you? Lady, I don't even know where I am half the time. If we're not going to fuck then what the hell did you ask me out for?
We all see what we want to see ... Coffey looks and he sees Russians, he sees hate and fear. Bud, you have to look with better eyes than that.
One final thing I have to do, and then I'll be rid of the past, forever.
Well Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
-- Zero isn't interested in your life story. Who gets killed?
It's okay. He's admiring the shape of your skull.
You know, these exercises are fantastic. I mean, when that day comes and we finally go to war against Utah, we are really going to kick ass.
Twelve hours of work and I still can not sleep. The days dwindle on forever and do not end.
Ursula Andress was the quintessential Bond girl. That's what everyone says. The embodiment of his superiority to us: beautiful, exotic, highly sexual and yet unavailable to everyone but him. Shite. Let's face it: if she'd shag one punter from Edinburgh, she'd shag the fucking lot of us.
Never seen such a sorry-lookin'heap of maggot shit in my life.
If you don't see it, it's not real ...
You can't think on your feet you should keep your mouth closed. You hear me? I'm talking to you. Do you hear me ...?
Same thing happened to me with wife two. I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty. I mean empty. She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge. What kind of person would think of that?
This is ludicrous. Why are you listening to this man? Must I remind you that he is wearing a costume, not a uniform? ... He's no more equipped to lead us than THIS fellow. No offense.
That was a close one, ladies and gentlemen. Unfortunately, in every contest, there must be ...
I told you a long time you little fuckin'monkey, not to fuck me and ....
Oh yeh? Where'd you get this from eh out yer nostril?
Oh, my. I apologize for the way things look around here.
You're wasting your time here! I'm not going to report this or anything you do to me crops, to the news or TV or anybody! You're not going to get famous!
Because see, my mother was banging the milkman.
The planet is breaking up around us.
Don't you people die?
Why do you lay these troubles on an already troubled mind. Can you not see? Your uncle is wearied by your malcontent, your war-mongering.
Does it make any sense to you?
What is this -- some kind of ... Joke? Are we playing games again?
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. We must stop.
I'll suck your eyes out! I'll fuckin'take the two of you.
Look. You should be happy for me. You don't know what he says to me in private. Maybe it is love. As much as it can be with someone who --
Meanwhile, in Rome today, the Pope issued a message of hope for believers in their fight against what he termed the godless and lost. He did not mention Simon Grim by name, but offered a prayer for the young whom he described as sadly in need of faith and not the illusion of conviction offered by rock music, drugs and contemporary poetry.
You are as abandoned and as noisy as any character in a porn film, Laura. You are Ian's plaything, responding to his touch with shrieks of orgasmic delight. No woman in the history of the world is having better sex than the sex you are having with Ian in my head.
Is it okay if I name my first child after you? Dipshit Kinsley has a nice ring to it.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Would you be yourself ... ... if you looked this this?
A pussycat is born to be whipped.
Have a pleasant stay .... Hey Angel! Get out of that bathroom now!
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last.
You will travel far, my little Kal-El. But I will never leave you. Even in the face of my death the richness of my life shall be yours. All that I have learned, everything I feel, all of this and more I have bequeathed to you my son. You shall carry me inside you all your days. You will make my strength your own, see my life through your eyes, as your .life will be seen through mine. The son becomes the father the father becomes the son. This is all that I can send with you, Kal-El. And not near so rich a gift as that your mother sends along. Her ... love.
Got to kick ... some black ... ass.
Yeah man, it really tied the room together --
Sure. When I got a long white beard and about three marbles left rolling around upstairs.
I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women!
Why don't we get off mothers, I just got off yours.
Give me that! Your flying days are over.
The war will still be here tomorrow.
I love you, Nickie,'cause you know such lovely people!
Please, God. Let this be it.
This is no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
You can't audit life! Now get on up here!
Well, I'd sure like to go into the subject of vertigo and all, but I wouldn't want you to piss yourself.
You mocked me once, never do it again -- I died that day!
Ladies and gentlemen, a warm Agrabah welcome for
Shall I be forced to feed you, David?
He says the Titanic just arrived.
Okay, your phone's off, which means you've been shot dead by a fat American, but there's been a fucktastrophe. Someone's leaked Liza Weld's Pwip Pip paper to the BBC. I reckon it'll be on the SixO'Clock news here, oneo'clock your time, so it's going to fist your fucking vote apart. Missing you loads, pwip-pip, toodle-oo!
The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?
Well, that's just fine Say it once, say it twice Take the chance and roll the dice Ride with the moon in the dead of night
This is all going to end badly.
We don't want to be happy. We want to be rich.
All energy flows according to the whims of the Great Magnet.
What am I? The beer wench?
Hey, Beavis, check it out. I'm jacking off!
That's not your mother, that's a man!
And Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own clubs for a better game. And the sink ...?
I prayed for the death of Heather Chandler many times and I felt bad every time I did, but I kept doing it anyway. Now I know you understood everything. Praise Jesus. Alleluia.
Hi, honey, I'm home!
Beautiful! Very visually dynamic. I chose my stage well.
Hi. What are you doing out in this mess?
My girl Holly and I have decided to kill ourselves, same way I did her dad. Big decision huh? Well, the reasons are obvious, and I don't have time to go into them right now ... One thing, though ... He was provoking me when I popped him. That's what it was like, a POP.
My music! They've started! They've started without me!
We can't hold out forever, but we can give them one whopper of a repair bill.
I have to return some videotapes.
This is One-Four-Three. West- bound on Olympic, approaching Overland.
If the food don't kill ya, the service will, hahaha!
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel. I will kill both him and the man who told me.
All right, driver. Once around the park. Slowly. And keep your eyes on the road.
They'll have husbands and wives and children and houses and dogs .... made themselves a part of something. And they can talk about what they do. What am I going to say? `` I killed the President of Paraguay with a fork.''
Stay away from my life, my wife, my home and my pets! I'm taking Lana on a vacation and when I come back, I don't ever want to see your face again!
Do you like my body, Joey?
Dreyfus once wrote that on Devil's Island he would see the most glorious birds. Many years later in Britanny he realized they had only been sea gulls.
You know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you. Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
This is my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look just like everyone else.
You know what everybody says about me? I suck!
You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
I don't get no respect.
I watched you out there I've never seen you look like that
If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men, all races, can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship. In time. When trust has been earned.
Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the man who needs no introduction, chronic caller of the year three straight and shooting for number four. The duke of drunk, the king of stink, our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
Look at you ..! Younger than me. More beautiful than me. Married before me. I am eclipsed. I am just the`Other Boleyn Girl.'
I like your hair.
You leave and I'll kill you ...
Banzai! I'll see you in hell!
Avtomat Kalashnikova, model of 1947 - more commonly known as the AK-47 or Kalashnikov. It's the world's most popular assault ritle - a weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forged steel and molded plastic. It doesn't break, jam or over-heat. It will shoot whether its covered in mud or filled with sand. It's so easy, even a child can use it. And they do. The Russians put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian peoples'greatest export - after that comes vodka and suicidal novelists. One thing's for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.
Now that's a close encounter.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Hello? Hello? Avon calling, oh my. Hello, I'm Peg Boggs. I'm your local Avon representative. Hello. I'm sorry to barge in like this. But you don't have any reason to be afraid. This is some huge house, isn't it? Thank goodness for those aerobics classes.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
What's my name, motherfucker?!
It was that night I discovered that most things you consider evil or wicked are simply lonely, and lacking in the social niceties.
Damn you, Jack Spar-row!
What we generally do in this country is one guy shows up with the items, and the other guy pays him. No tickee ... no laundry.
Shot, huh? That'll do it every time. Poor bastard. Well, get used to it. You could be here a long time. I'll tell you a secret. Doors ain't as bad as you think. Zip zap. They ain't nothin'at all. You'll see. You'll catch on.
Come on -- everybody in the storm cellar!
One chop to guy's neck. And it's all over. They're the sharpest things in the world. They can hack through anything. And ...
Okay, but there's a twist. See, we find out the killer suffers from multiple personality disorder. Okay? See, he's really also the cop and the girl. All of them. It's all him! Isn't that crazy?
Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
I'm fuckin'fine. Catch you on the flip side.
He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's coming up.
They keep talking about forgiveness .. ask Jesus for forgiveness .. I never did nothing to Him ..
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano? Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
Well, I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry I threw rocks at you the other day. But I guess I'll go now.
Guess you couldn't hear us coming. He was practicing so hard for a fight, he missed the whole thing.
You run the job, but I run the show. You got two weeks to set it up.
Why are you talking to a pipe Roman? You're madder than I am.
Stand by for Justice!
Well, I'd say diplomacy has failed.
-- and got off at 59th, where I assume it was going to Bloomindale's to buy a hat that will turn out to be a mistake. As almost all hats are.
Sleep soundly, young Rose. I have built you a good ship, strong and true. She's all the lifeboat you need.
If I had a nickel for every cigarette your mom smoked, I'd be dead.
It's a trick. Get an axe.
If anybody needs a day off, it's Cameron. He has alot of things to sort out before he graduates. He can't be wound this tight and go to college. His roommate'll kill him. I've come close myself. But I like him. He's a little easier to take when you know why he's like he is. The boy can not relax. Pardon by French but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond. And Cameron would worry that he'd owe taxes on it.
See this tentacle? It's actually shorter than all my other tentacles but you can't really tell.Especially when I twirl them like this.
Eta Kooram Nah Smech! And River drops to the ground, fast asleep. There is a beat. Mal looks around the bar. He and Simon, who has run up to the entrance, are the only ones standing. He looks down at River. She lies unconscious, helpless.
... and then truss'em up and slit their throats? Well here Charlie has one trussed up and all set to drain him and the beef comes to. It starts thrashing around, six hundred pounds of very pissed-off livestock if you'll pardon my ... Charlie grabs his gun there to shoot the damn thing in the head but what with the swingin'and twistin'it's a glance-shot and ricochets around and comes back hits Charlie in the shoulder. You go see Charlie, he still can't reach up with his right hand for his hat ... Point bein', even in the contest between man and cow the issue is not certain.
Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee.
Miss Stellwagon says that advertising makes people who can't afford it buy things they don't want with money they haven't got.
Do you want some juice or coffee or two female slaves?
Who the hell owns that dog?
I gave you a baby last night.
This is really cruel, Oskar, you're giving them hope. You shouldn't do that, that's cruel.
Sorry. I mistook me for somebody else.
Bring in the logic probe!!
There'll be no escape for the Princess this time.
God got Wendy's periods reversed. About every 28 days, she starts acting nice. Lasts about a weekend.
I want you to exit this guy off the premises, and I want you to exit him off his feet and use his head to open the fuckin'door.
They look at us like we're monsters.
How will we stop an army of the dead at out castle walls? How will you fight that?! With more words? Most of out people have already fled. We are but forty men.
And so ... we gon na hang us a neegra!
Honey, like you to meet Gale and Evelle Snopes, fine a pair as ever broke and entered.
I guess you know, Bob, how if I see you again I'll just start shootin'right off an'figure it's self defense.
Stay calm! This is NOT happening. The King then hurries out of a door at the top of the staircase.
Why the fuck didn't you tell us about that guy in the bathroom? Slip your mind? Forget he was in there with a goddamn hand cannon?
I ... don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore.
If you wake up at a different time and in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?
I fucking hate vampires.
Is the enemy of my enemy my friend or my enemy? What do you think, Blade? What am I to you?
Does this mean we have to move again?
Something's wrong with you, really. You're wasting my time. I have to find my son.
He goes to the theater armed.
I don't enjoy this, Mr. Smith. I do it because I'm addicted to it. And before you entered my life I had vowed I would never kill again. So this is your party, you can chose anyone you want and we'll do it together.
We have twelve vacancies. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies. They moved away the highway.
Sixteen XTerminator here. We like our coffee bloody. Make it good -- my partner's dying to help someone.
This is the Captain. There's a little problem with our entry sequence; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode. Can you shave the vector --
Then again, you may be the Antichrist.
What're you gon na do, put me in a bag and bury me?
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much. You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
That champion shall have the honor - - no, no - - the privilege to go forth and rescue the lovely Princess Fiona from the fiery keep of the dragon. If for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, the first runner-up will take his place and so on and so forth. Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make. Let the tournament begin! Oh! What is that? It's hideous!
I should try to get a run in.
You know how you said before, how your parents used you to get back at each other ... wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
Take me to your cinema.
Two switches over there, but I wasn't going to be the first.
Just because you've got me safely in this little trap, you think you can bully me into feeling whatever you want!
... What kind of man are you?
It nice it happen to you. It like you came to Cat Island and you had a holiday, sun didn't burn you red, just brown, sleep no mosquito eat you, rum no poung you head nex'day. But trut'is, dat bound to happen, you stay long enough. So tak dat nice picture home wi'you, but don'be fooled. We lonely here mostly, too. If we lucky, we got some nice pictures.
-- If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door ... And that's all. I ask for the movement to continue. Because it's not about personal gain, not about ego, not about power ... it's about the `` us's'' out there. Not only gays, but the Blacks, the Asians, the disabled, the seniors, the us's. Without hope, the us's give up -- As the thousands of mourners arrive at City Hall, they place their candles around the statue of Lincoln.
I understand, Sam. I hope life is everything you remember it to be.
The whole time I was in that house, I felt something was ... wrong.
See that guy there? He's the devil, you understand? Never take your eye off the Man. Our people took their eyes off him one time, and he had us in chains in two shakes of his snake's tail.
Son of a bitch.
Angels don't get any older, son.
My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled by the heathen. So he accepted our bribe.
You piss in your pants, you only stay warm for so long.
I dunno about truth. A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you, the less you know.
Boy ... be careful. You play with fire.
If this is the direction the rats were runnin', it's good enough for me.
Anything happens, make sure Louise gets the Cadillac.
Shut up! Shut up - and TAKE IT! TAKE THE PAIN!
Well, the way they pick the shows on TV is they make one show, and that show's called a pilot. And they show that one show to the people who pick the shows, and on the strength of that one show, they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get accepted and become TV programs, and some don't, and become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
My last sunrise. That morning I was not yet a vampire, and I saw my last sunrise. I remember it completely, yet I don't remember any sunrise before it. I watched the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time, as if it were the first. And the I said goodbye to sunlight and went out to become what I became.
Ok. I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people ....
Okay. I'll talk about it. Your best friends get screwed over by their guys -- how can you not get distant?
I came here to rob you -- but unfortunately I fell in love with you. Mariette!
Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell hard but I did not snuff it, oh no. if I had snuffed it, I would not be here to tell what I have told. I came back to life, after a long, black, black gap of what might have been a million years. We hear Alex moan, and then another moan. Alex and the other - a few times. Suddenly, some curtains which have been drawn around another bed in the ward are parted, and a nurse hurries to Alex, hastily buttoning up her uniform. She is trailed by a young Intern fumbling with his trousers.
You're body's dying. Pay no attention. It will take twenty minutes at most.
I walked with a zombie. It does seem an odd thing to say. Had anyone said that to me a year ago, I'm not at all sure I would have known what a Zombie was. I might have had some notion -- that they were strange and frightening, and perhaps a little funny. But I have walked with a Zombie
I was the biggest thing Ashton had ever seen. Until one day, a stranger arrived.
You find one in every car. You'll see.
I'm going to run ... and you're not going to stop me. I'm gon na run even if I don't get a single vote.
True. I was their number one son, and they treated me like number two. But it's human nature, to fear the unusual ... even with all their education and privilege ... My dad, a district attorney, mother active in the DAR ... Perhaps when I held my Tiffany baby rattle with a shiny flipper, and not five chubby digits, they freaked. But I forgive them.
If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long ...
A bridge, a schmidge, and the Germans claim to be intelligent. You know what I think? I think they're totally stupid. I've got a family to feed and I spend half my time here waiting for them to let us through.
He's a brutal motherfucker, man. He loves what he does for a living.
I've had it! I've got a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son. I don't need this shit anymore!
From his king? Absolutely. Here are Scotland's terms. Lower your flags and march straight to England, stopping at every Scottish home you pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that, and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.
Come to see the show?
Hiya. That's a lot of money to be counting out in public.
You haven't been tight since your brother fucked you in 3rd grade.
But if he wasn't able to manage... if he really was in trouble, then I'd want to tell him some things...... I'd want to tell him that I cherished the time we spent together. And I never expected anything from him. Even if I only saw him for a few moments, it made me happy. And I'd want to tell him that I love him and thatI'II always love him. And... no matter what happens on this world, I know he tried his best to help us...
You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous.
It could have been the whole world, Willie Stark. The whole world ... Willie Stark. Why did he do it to me ... Willie Stark? Why?
Is it safe to have a radio against my balls like this?
Crazy? ... You're the jerk-wad that gave me the doll!
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
The way I had it figured, Toruk is the baddest cat in the sky. Nothing attacks him. So why would he ever look up?
Metatron acts as the voice of God. Any documented occasion when some yahoo claims to have spoken with God, they're speaking to me. Or they're speaking to themselves.
Sergeant, Mr. Tauber, thank you very much. I think I can guarantee you you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month. Good evening.
And I am the Amazing Bobinsky! But you can call me Mr. B, because amazing I already know that I am.
I need you to believe me, Bud. Look at me. Do I seem stressed out? Any of the symptoms of pressure sickness, any tremors, slurred speech?
Just a suggestion, but perhaps we should flee.
And suppose death had a heart to love and to release you? To whom would he turn his passion? Would you pick a person from the crowd there? A person to suffer as you suffer?
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I. Oh
No one leaves a star. That makes one a star.
That was a warning, Highness. The next time, my hand flies on its own. For where I come from, there are penalties when a woman lies.
But who can be more merciful than the Emperor of Rome?
Am I K. in your book? I think I must be.
Yeah, I decided not to park here.
You have nothing to fight for. You don't care about anything. You don't value anything. You don't believe in anything. That's what makes me better.
He will be saying prayers in the garden -- just follow the others.
When and where does the real world occur? I am really ... confused here. Fuck! All these Rules And all these sayings ... and nicknames ...
What does that old queen know? He wasn't even there! Sending a copy boy to do his dirty work. Well fuck him!
You couldn't win an egg and spoon race, Eric.
I'm sorry, if you were right I'd agree with you.
They can't impeach me for bombing Cambodia. The President can bomb anybody he wants.
The man knows, the man knows!
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin'there and the captain comes on and is like `` we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet,'' and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says `` man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee.'' So the stewardess goes runnin'up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes `` don't forget the coffee!''
Charlotte had pudding in her Prada.
Touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me. I wan na be dirty. Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me. Creature of the night.
Good evening Otto. This is agent Rogersz. I'm going to ask you a few questions. And since time is short and you may lie, I'm going to have to torture you. But I want you to know it isn't personal.
So you see, Mercer, every man has a price he will willingly accept. Even for what he hopes never to sell.
You wan na tell mehow'n the hell you gon na write a book'bout somethin'you don't know nothin''bout?
Doesn't that bloodhound over relax? He sticks so close he's beginning to grow on me -- like a fungus.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
So, shall we shag now, or shall we shag later? How do you like to do it? Do you like to wash up first? Top and tails? A whore's bath? Personally, before I'm on the job, I like to give my undercarriage a bit of ahow's-your-father.
You must choose. But choose wisely. For as the True Grail will bring you life the False Grail will take it from you.
I don't know what that means ... I've seen him look at one other girl the way he looks at you. She's a lot shorter and shares his DNA.
My wife.'Darling, you won't believe it, but I found the most adorable baby on our doorstep and I have decided to keep it for our own. Now, you won't believe it, but it's got exactly my eyes and nose ...'Why does she always say I won't believe it? I believe it!
No, that's fame. Fame has a fifteen- minute half-life ... Infamy ... lasts a little longer.
Not me. It would blast you through the wall -- stone dead in ten seconds and they'd make me explain it!
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm the spokesperson for the Coca-Cola company. I'm here today to ask you to continue buying coke. I'm sure it's a drink you've been drinking for years, and if you still enjoy it, I'd like to remind you to buy it again sometime soon. It's basically just brown sugar water, we haven't changed the ingredients much lately, so there's nothing new about it I can say. We changed the can around a little bit. See, the colors here are a little different, and we even put a polar bear on it for the kids. Also, coke is very high in sugar, can lead to obesity in children and adults who don't sustain a healthy diet, and has a Ph acidity level high enough to dissolve teeth and bones over extended periods of time. Coke also works great at removing corrosion from car batteries and loosening rusted bolts. So that's it, it's coke. Everyone knows it. It's very famous. I'm Jim, I work for coke, and I'm asking you to not stop buying coke. That's all. Thanks.
Aloha. My name is Mr. Hand.
For a second I thought I was dead, but when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops, only cops talk that way. If they had been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing. I would have been dead.
No-one should think themselves wiser than me! It is not for any of the Queen's subjects to presume to tell Her Majesty when and where She should come out of mourning. It is the Queen's sorrow that keeps her secluded! It is Her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility, work which She feels will soon wear her out entirely!
-- she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain!
You could say I have a ... magnetic personality.
I hate when things don't go my way. It makes me so horny.
Won't they be impressed, I am a genius See how I transformed this old rat Into a most delightful hat
You'd make a great poker player, kid.
If John Doe's head splits open, and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.
My dreams are a cruel joke. They taunt me. Even in my dreams, I'm an idiot who knows he's about to wake up to reality. If I could only avoid sleep, but I can't.
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here. Just tell me who won.
You son of a bitch! You did this to him,
Your birthday today; This year you have to make a choice between two life paths. Second chances come your way. Extraordinary events culminate in what might seem to be an anti-climax. Your lucky numbers are: 84, 23, 11, 78 and
Don't worry. You're small and you're weak. That'll make you less of a target. They'll see you as sick or insane and go after the more Viking-like teens instead. GOBBER stick him in line with the others and continues on toward five massive reinforced doors. Terrible ROARS and BELLOWS issue from within.
Oh yes? And what's so intelligent about writing a Requiem?
That's it. Next time, you drive.
That's a test? Where were you guys when I did my CPA?
How it all came down to this, only the devil knows. Retail Rodeo was at the corner on my left, the motel was down the road to my right. I closed my eyes and tried to peer into the future. On my left I saw days upon days of lipstick and ticking clocks. Dirty looks and quiet whisperings. and burning secrets that won't ever die away. And on my right, what could I picture? The blue sky, the desert earth streching out into the eerie infinity. A beautiful, never ending nothing.
Yes, this is not life, Will. This is a stolen season.
What? You think I forgot about you?
Well, you may run like Mays, but you hit like shit.
You really are incredibly stupid, aren't you? I like that in a man.
We aim to pull evil up by the root! Before it chokes out the flower of ourculture'n heritage! And our women! Let's not forget those ladies,y'all, lookin'to us forp'tection! From darkies! From Jews! From Papists! And from all those smart-ass folk say we come descended from the monkeys! That's not myculture'n heritage!
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
I'm sorry! You pushed me first.
Computers are my forte.
Dear Buddha, please send me a pony, and a plastic rocket, and --
Mrs. Kindleman twisted her ankle as she put it, `` diving for her life'' when a bunch of school kids rode down the sidewalk on skateboards. She went down to Thorton's store this morning and started spitting on the new skateboards. Spitting! By the time I got there, Mrs. Kindleman had sprayed the whole damn place ... She must have had a cold or something. It was enough to turn a grown man's stomach.
Why's he always call me `` Meat''? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
That your ransom video already has 47,000 hits on YouTube. And all the major networks are playing it, including Al Jazeera. So, now your captors have no choice but to follow through.
What's this supposed to mean: `` We have a contract of depravity. All we have to do is pull the blinds down.''
It's cool, I'm all green.
I think she's a honey. Look at those jugs.
And don't open my pantry Father. I locked one of them in there.
The sonofabitch is in here somewhere. I saw him -- I'm gon na get him.
Honey, lately your low self-esteem is just good common sense.
How could you hit the wrong rhino?!
It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
... I killed a fucking spook. You fucker ...
... about as subtle as a cockroach crawling across a white rug.
I'm gon na check dinner.
I'm tired and emotional.
I know you're partial to convenience stores but, H.I., the sun don't rise and set on the corner grocery.
Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels.
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
John Connor. I'm glad you made it.
You go out there and I'll blow your brains out!
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Hi, Karen. It's Doris. Listen, doll, you might wan na come by Cedars tonight and visit Harry. He's in the emergency room...
You see? Death comes to us all. And it comes to William Wallace. But before death comes to you, know this: your blood dies with you. A child who is not of your line grows in my belly. Your son will not sit long on the throne. I swear it.
The eye patch was a nice touch.
Shut of ze Power, Cartman. Zis is very important, Cartman ... Stupid British piece of shi- OW!
You're eighteen. You don't know what you want. You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.
It is, isn't it? My life as a game of strip poker. Shall we play?
`` Jimmy Bones is in the house ... house ... house.''
For Godsake, Denham, leave the native alone.
I suddenly remembered Charlemagne. `` Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky.''
Even a broken clock gets to be right twice a day.
Let's pray, Bess. May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
Everyone starts out strangers, Ted, it's where we end up that counts. Hurry up.
I got better things to do today than die.
No! Let him go! Kill him! Kill him!
No, No --C'mon, Max, you know me. I've got plans. You got ta come up here and see, then I'll tell you about it.
Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
You have a kind of sick desperation in your laugh.
Hey! You don't break in front of a black man in a buffet line.
You've been given a great gift, George. A chance to see what the world would be like without you.
Nice talk, Ben. Keep drinking. In between the hundred and one proof breath and the occasional drool, some interesting words fall from your mouth.
Tom, where are the Band-aids? This is an ambulance, isn't it?
I am? You pay me to go get guys like Wigand, to draw him out. To get him to trust us, to get him to go on television. I do. I deliver him. He sits. He talks. He violates his own fucking confidentiality agreement. And he's only the key witness in the biggest public health reform issue, maybe the biggest, most-expensive corporate-malfeasance case in U.S. history. And Jeffrey Wigand, who's out on a limb, does he go on television and tell the truth? Yes. Is it newsworthy? Yes. Are we gon na air it? Of course not. Why? Because he's not telling the truth? No. Because he is telling the truth. That's why we're not going to air it. And the more truth he tells, the worse it gets!
I thought you couldn't live without your heart.
It is difficult to answer if you do not understand the question. Mr. President, perhaps you should transmit a planet distress signal, while we still have time.
Conjugal visits? Not that I know of. Now, a minimum security prison is no picnic. I have a client in there right now. You see, the trick is, kick someone's ass the first day or become someone's bitch. Then everything will be all right. Why do you ask, anyway?
Like a man once said to me, Odell:'Walk out your door in the morning and you're already in trouble'... It's just how you're mixed up in that trouble that counts.
You know less than nothing. If you even knew that you knew nothing, at least that would be something, but you don't.
The Lord tell me He can get me out of this mess. But He's pretty sure you're fooked.
Curl away, my son. Aw, it's awesome, Jellyman. Little dudes are just eggs, leave'em on the beach to hatch, then coo-coo-ca-choo, they find their way back to the big'ol blue.
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
Only arithmetic he got was hearing the referee count up to ten.
Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood.
What do you get when you cross a vampire with a werewolf?
Who will plague me with questions now? ... Who will pinch me to wake me up? Who will laugh at me when I fall? Who's breath will I listen to so that I may sleep? Who's hand will I hold, so that I may walk?
I just don't wan na get killed for lack of shootin'back. You know there ain't a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch ... or in the whole house for that matter. He's the worst fucking carpenter.
I can't but agree. My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work. The sooner the better.
I never knew no Godfather. I got my own family.
Remember that all I am offering is the truth. Nothing more.
That aint never will happen, honey. Least not in our lifetime.
Where is a cop when you goddam need one? I got half a mind to come out there and teach you sonofabitch --
Does Elvis talk to you? Tell you to do things? Do you see spots?
I'm sorry you're sick.
Find yourself a farmer's daughter with nice big fucking tits, and shake that `` bye-bye.'' Send it to Sacramento, John .. I sniff grief ..
I could really get into this Mayor stuff. It's not about power, it's about ... reaching people. Touching people. Groping people ...
Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you ...
You don't need an appointment, Mr. Sullivan.
That's a federal officer, most likely DEA. He moves his leg look for the bulge. You savvy bulge? That's his backup piece... Hey. Try it without looking right at him if you can.
I don't care it's true, it's not true; it stinks. You say he was being blackmailed; by who? You don't know. For having an affair; with who? You don't know. Did anyone else know about it? Probably not; you don't know.
So you never wrapped your legs around this Inman?
The captain goes down with his ship.
God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
I might break you, Nice Guy, but I'd make you my dog's bitch. You'd be suckin the dick and going down on a mangy T-bone hound.
A shitload of white people with guns? Time to get my black ass out of here!
We got'em. North ... No, Henry James was the novelist, Frank James was the criminal. Yep, you came to the right place. Jessie James was the Brother. Of the novelist. That's right. That's alright, Susie. See you tomorrow, Susie.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force ... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
Oh sure ... Got ta believe in God. But I don't think God made man in his own image. No.'Cause most of ... the bullshit that happens, is because of men. No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God -- because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting -- I slept with a few saints and let me tell you ... < u > Booooorring < /u >!!! ... And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know -- work it out ... ... Not that we have to get married.
Trying to get something real by telling yourself stories is a trap. Trust me on that one.
What does God need with a starship?
Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first.
How you like that one, tough guy? How freaking awesome was that?
`` The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception.''
Open the chest with the key, and stab the heart. No-no-no-no. Don't stab the heart. The Dutchman needs a living heart, or there'll be no captain. And if there's no captain, there's no one to have the key.
Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in ...
Uh, Eve ... this is Adam. Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me ... and I wanted to tell you that I ... uh ... that I wish so many good things for you. I wish so hard that all of your dreams come true. Um ... I, uh ...
Sealed. Hudson, run a bypass.
Hitler is dead. Operation Valkyrie is in effect.
Get a hold of yourself, Vera. Nobody else ever will.
I mean, what's the point of living in L.A. if you're not in the movie business?
I wanted to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjectives.
... The truth is ... he was alive when I buried him.
Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, sight. For Ine'er saw true beauty till this night.
They can't think, they can't imagine, most of them can't even spell. They just run things. And if we don't get a ride soon, you won't b need the guide to illustrate just how unpleasant the Vogons can be. They've destroyed a planet today, that always makes them a little feisty.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
I think you have nicer eyes.
Nazis. I hate these guys.
All right then ... ... FIVE MILLION DOLLARS!
Yesterday, Gladstone talked for three hours on the Irish Church Bill ... I am as guilty as the rest of underestimating his reforming zeal. Tory days may be numbered, but I fancy there yet remains one last hope of deliverance. Wheresoever the blame lies, we must now close ranks and defend Mrs Brown's England. As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur ...
Craig, I just don't find you attractive. And, Lotte, I'm smitten with you, but only when you're in Malkovich. When I looked into his eyes last night, I could feel you peering out. Behind the stubble and the too-prominent brow and the male pattern baldness, I sensed your feminine longing peering out, and it just slew me.
I thought you were dead, you asshole!
Oh, Mother Cary's chickens. What happened?
That's all right. We have no secrets from our readers. Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein. He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge. What's the cable?
You'd think this country'd had enough goddamn fireworks. Ifwe'd've lost this war, I think it might have driven us crazy,y'know? As a country. But we didn't. Thanks to you.
Princess Fiona.
Careful, that soup is ... sharp!
No. I gave you Jerr to see him eaten, not to see you fed.
I don't know what it was. It ...
Key members of Parliament. Key. The minds behind every diplomatic, military and covert operation in the galaxy, and you put them in a room with a psychic.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
Uh, General ... count me in.
Meanwhile, Ben Burns sat guzzling cold fresh milk in victory lane, a thousand cameras taking his picture, Sirrus Aeronautics saw almost a twelve point gain which immediately block Penninsula Power Cell from being able to afford the price of a complete take-over. This put Joel Goldman, the CEO of Iodyne Inc. in the exact position he wanted to be in. By first buying controlling interest in his own company at a devalued price, he then brokered a merger with Sirrus that immediately sent Iodyne into the gains record book -- the only record book that matters. Look out that window, there isn't a single plane or helicopter or K- Harrier that isn't powered by Iodyne fuel cells. That's what racing is about. It has nothing to do with cars, or drivers. All that matters is power and the unassailable might of money. His greed is as tangible as any drug.
All's fair in love and basketball. Strip.
Sometimes I wonder about my life. I lead a small life. Well, not small, but circumscribed. And sometimes I wonder, do I do it because I like it, or because I haven't been brave? So much of what I see reminds me of something I read in a book, when shouldn't it be the other way around?
That's how you become great, man. You hang your ba11s out there.
You mean you hit a spring, a bubbling spring right here in our cellar?
Well. That was brilliant.
Sweet Jews for Jesus ...
It's not always the most popular guy who gets the job done. You got losses of 20 to 30 million dollars, dividends cut to zero, you're getting squeezed to death by the majors. Present management may not be the worst scum of the earth, but they're the ones who've put you on a kamikaze course, and pretty soon everybody's going to be scrambling for the parachutes. Only there aren't enough to go around. Management has them. You don't. If they throw Bluestar into Chapter 11 -- which I think they will -- then they can use bankruptcy laws to break your unions and your contracts and throw you guys off the property.
I promise that one day things will get better for you.
Don't be afraid of it, Daddy. The hell does that mean? But before Tom can respond, Jake turns, climbs back in bed, rolls over to face the wall, and goes back to sleep.
I've worn this mask so long, I couldn't sleep without it.
With all the poor people of this city who wanted only to live and were viciously murdered, you have the nerve to sit here waiting to die and not go through with it. You make me sick. Take it.
Sam. You've got to be firm on this.
I look like a total wanker, dont I?
Resistance is useless!
Issue a standing kill order on Jason Bourne, effective immediately.
I'm seeing something that was always hidden. I'm involved in a mystery. I'm learning. and it's all secret.
Why prolong the inevitable? I will kill you! I will kill him!
I don't care if it's legal, it's wrong.
Real diamonds. They must be worth their weight in gold. Are you always this generous?
YOWWWCH! Watch the toenails willya?
The tractor beam is coupled to the main reactor in seven locations. A power loss at one of the terminals will allow the ship to leave.
A very beautiful man with a perfect body who I'd like to take to the movies.
Little kiss on your ear. Good night, sweetheart. I'll see you later.
Can you learn to see in the dark, Captain?
She's got bondage burns on her wrists. There's blow all over the room, Moore looks like he went at it with a mountain lion. This room looks like the Manson Family stayed here a month. Michael goes down, we all go down.
Oh God! Now I'll never get a boyfriend!
What are you trying to prove, man?!
So Duffy, got any theories to go with that ... tie.
You find out what you wanted to know, mister?
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
Ho, Ho, Ho ... Well, if it isn't stinking Billygoat Billyboy in poison. How are thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou. Billyboy snaps open a switchblade knife.
I don't know what the problem is, but I'm sure it can be solved without resorting to violence.
Just a matter of time, I suppose. With sudden, blinding speed, Blake WHIPS the SAUCER from under his cup, sending it FLYING like a saw-blade. The Intruder BATS IT out of the air with even quicker reflexes, but the act buys Blake time to pull a PISTOL with a SILENCER from a hollowed out STEREO SPEAKER. He's a pro. but so is our Intruder. Before Blake can get a shot off, the Intruder is already upon him, SNATCHING the gun out of Blake's hand -- -- Blake PUNCHES the Intruder in the chest plate -- the Intruder drops the gun. Blake fights. Not like an old man, but like the trained killer he is. But the Intruder is much, much faster. Younger. Deadlier. He SMASHES Blake with an elbow to the head. Blake falls. BLOOD blurs his vision. The Intruder picks Blake up off the ground. Brings him to the window with the great New York view. Thirty stories up. Blake looks the Intruder in the eye. and starts laughing. Hysterical.
Virgin birth -- ha! An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
What does he know about Man alone?
You'll be meeting Rebecca Dearborn. My personal role model.
`` I Love You Phillip Morris'' Green Pages 5-23-08 2.
We can't stop here - this is bat country!
That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.
We survived but we're dead!
Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world?C'mon --
I have lost something. I'm not exactly sure what it is, but I know I didn't always feel this ... sedated. But you know what? It's never too late to get it back.
Man, I'm the only normal person left around here and I'm a black Jew who can't read and is half drunk.
It's a potent aphrodisiac, isn't it? Power over another man.
Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth. Mr. Pitts, rise above your name.
Every day the sun comes up ... says something about us.
Got ta be quicker than that, `` A-cup!''
That monstrous God of yours? He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
Your son is an unprincipled, spoiled, conceited brat.
-- and you wan na know the common element for the entire group, like he asks ... I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you,'cause I had that question. I had that same question .... Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form. `` Well ... all we were asking was the common element, Donnie ... but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge ... ahhh, Kids! Full of useless thoughts, eh?'' Thank you. Thank you. And the book says: `` We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.'' And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
What's in Jacksonville?
I have to believe in the world outside my own mind. I have to believe that my actions still have meaning, even if I can't remember them. I have to believe that when my eyes are closed, the world's still there.
This is pretty fucking sexy.
This isn't for your eyes.
Open the door, sweetie. I know we don't look so good, but your mommy and daddy love you.
I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy, we fought ourselves - and the enemy was in us ... The war is over for me now, but it will always be there - the rest of my days. As I am sure Elias will be - fighting with Barnes for what Rhah called possession of my soul ... There are times since I have felt like the child born of those two fathers ... but be that as it may, those of us who did make it have an obligation to build again, to teach to others what we know and to try with what's left of our lives to find a goodness and meaning to this life ...
Mr. Cole ... not only am I a TEACHER ... but I am also a PARENT of a Middlesex child. Therefore, I am the ONLY person here who transcends the parent-teacher bridge.
This is the story of my older brother's strange criminal behavior and disappearance. We who loved him no longer speak of Wade. It's as if he never existed. By telling his story like this, as his brother, I separate myself from his family and those who loved him. Everything of importance -- that is, everything that gives rise to the telling of this story -- occurred during a single deer-hunting season in a small town in upstate New Hampshire where Wade was raised and so was I. One night something changed and my relation to Wade's story was different from what it had been since childhood. I mark this change by Wade's tone of voice during a phone call two nights after Halloween. Something I had not heard before. Let us imagine that around eighto'clock on Halloween Eve, speeding past Toby's, Route 29, comes a pale green eight-year-old Ford Fairlane with a police bubble on top. A square-faced man wearing a trooper's cap is driving the vehicle. Beside him sits a child, a little girl with a plastic tiger mask covering her face. The man is driving fast --
- thank you, Jamal. Keep up, Bardi. The chi-wallah knows more than you.
Yeah, I worked in a barbershop. But I never considered myself a barber ...
Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant. I shoulda had you get me three a these. What T-Bird?
Ah, Charlie, lighten up. You've got a pickle up your ass.
... The barred-window boys are out looking for him now, and we'll see how Wall Street likes the news that the President of Hudsucker Industries is headed for the booby-hatch. Why, when the doc gets through with him he'll need diapers and a dribble cup ...
`` I'm Lowell Bergman, I'm from'60 Minutes.''' You know, you take the `` 60 Minutes'' out of that sentence, nobody returns your phone call. Maybe Wigand's right. Maybe I'm hooked. What am I hooked on? The rush? `` 60 Minutes''? What the hell for? Infotainment. It's so fucking useless, all of it.
I'd always had nightmares, but now the ghosts didn't wait for me to sleep. I drank every day. Help others and you help yourself, that was my motto, but I hadn't saved anyone in months. It seemed all my patients were dying. I'd waited, sure the sickness would break, tomorrow night, the next call, the feeling would drop away. More than anything else I wanted to sleep like that, close my eyes and drift away ...
Oh, now I see what you're saying. It had to be Professor Plum in the library with the candlestick.
Dang, check out Slugzilla!
Michael ... are you freebasing? Inquiring minds want to know!
There's no Ranger game on tonight.
My own name is a killing word. Will it be a healing word as well?
If I'm not back in five minutes call Lloyd Bridges.
Dmitri didn't want the money?
What could possibly have come over Master Luke. Is it something I did? He never expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh! Oh! Hold it! Ohh!
`` We all go a little mad sometimes.''
Not that I condone fascism. Or and `` isms''. `` Isms'', in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an `` ism''. He should believe in himself. John Lennon said it on his first solo album. `` I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me.'' A good point there. Afterall, he was the Walrus.
8:30. I'd use the chain if I were you.
This isn't a for-real suicide thing. This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
Yeah, I can use this ... ... but honey you got ta move your eyes slower next time. It's too jerky.
You're pretty sexy when you get angry ... grrr!
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
No! No! Let them go!
You have to make something explode to truly understand it. You have to examine the tiny particles while they're on fire.
Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone. Sure there's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.
Silence village idiot! Let the boy step forward.
I don't know how you came up with some of it.
Gentlemen, welcome to Air Force One.
Love! You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you -
No, you can't, and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T., but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard. Anyway, we're just about out of time. Next week on'World of the Psychic,'hairless pets. Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying ... ... Good night.
From the moment the invaders arrived, breathed our air, ate and drank, they were doomed. They were undone, destroyed, after all of man's weapons and devices had failed, by the tiniest creatures that God and his wisdom, put upon this earth. At the toll of a billion deaths, man had earned his immunity, is right to survive among this planet's infinite organisms. And that right is ours against all challenges, for men do not live nor die in vein.
Miss Russell, I should have called the police that night. But I was weak. You convinced me to stay silent. I regret that. Know this: every time I see your face I want to rip your throat out.
You don't understand. The wedding bands. The wedding bands are in my wallet.
Do you know what they call a gathering of crows, Curve?
Damn! We're in a tight spot!
Betty's problem wasn't enemies. It was too many friends.
It all seemed to make sense until Box.
Knowing what you've got, comma, knowing what you need, comma, Knowing what you can do without, dash. That's inventory control.
Whatever. Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one thing straight here. As far as I'm concerned good tunes is good tunes, be it disco or rock or polka or whatever have you, regardless of the category. True, if I had to choose, I'd pick the category labelled disco because I happen to enjoy dancing. Disco is just easier to dance to.
I can't believe it. No tracks, no sign, no spoor.
I quite understand. Madam, you are addressing a man who is quiet -- and yet not quiet, if I may offer a riddle ...
This really looks like Hawaii here.
& lt; & lt; Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life you idiot. Keyser Soze. Do you at least understand that? Keyser Soze. The Devil himself. Or are you American policemen io stupid that you haven't even heard of him. Keyser Soze, you ridiculous man. KEYSER SOZE. & gt; & gt;
You see this is bad television. The little assault guys creeping in through the vents and coming in through the ceilings. That James Bond shit never happens in real life. Professionals don't do that. So we've got this up here, which has novice written all over it. And all this down here that's simply a perfect textbook assassination. So here's our two possibilities. We either have rank amateurs that got lucky or consummate professionals that fucked up.
Hey, Red. Your man's here and waiting on you.
Never fear. Smith is here.
`` Congratulations. Hitler will run forever.''
Doesn't anybody fuckin'knock anymore?
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.
A naked, American man stole my balloons.
I know your problem. You'd like me to die quickly, without wasting too much of your time ... ... or silently, without making you feel too uncomfortable ... or thankfully, without making your memories of the occasion too unpleasant.
Well there was the crack in the planet. That was noisy ...
Why didn't you take the shot?
You really thought you were going to find it?
Cop couldn't find his dick two hands and a map. Anyone talks to this guy's an asshole ...
And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'?
Who's going to want me now?
Because I loathe and detest bananas.
Just stay calm. The situation is under control.
I'm just a sweet Transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now to give it the perfect ending was a bit of the old Ludwig van. Music starts.
The old man is still alive. Five bullets in his Sicilian hide and he's still alive. Bad luck for me, bad luck for you.
You need to check your conscience at the door. We're not here to be loved.
Did he actually call himself `` the talent?'' Larry snorts and continues unloading their gear.
I'm gon na punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are.
Happy Halloween Retail Rodeo shoppers! There's a Retail Rodeo special on all bulk candy on aisle four. Ghouls and goblins, witches and warlocks, wandering these aisles, day after day. I'll put a Halloween curse on you.
I'm sorry I'm not that good at languages ok?
Sorry about this hand. You know that feeling -- you're not completely embarrassed yet, but you glimpe tomorrow's embarrassment?
If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception. For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the ground where he has to risk confrontation with security.
You stupid fucking cunt. You, Williamson ... I'm talking to you, shithead ... You just cost me six thousand dollars. Six thousand dollars. And one Cadillac. That's right. What are you going to do about it? What are you goin to do about it, asshole. You fucking shit. Where did you learn your trade. You stupid fucking cunt. You idiot. Whoever told you you could work with men?
Not quite blonde, are you? More dirty blonde. I'm going to call you Sabrina. I'm Paul Owen.
What are we, in slow motion here?! What are ya, hypnotized? Have some more kids, why don't you? ... For Christ's sake, would you move!?
Good idea, Ernie. A toast ... to my big brother, George. The richest man in town!
I am Wind In His Hair. Do you not see that I am not afraid of you? ... Do you see?
I'll kill her it you tell ..
Lieutenant John. J. Dunbar. This is my post.
Maybe we got'em demoralized.
You tell him. You tell him I'm coming!!
I can't believe this shit. Five hours and not a single ride. Every day, millions of people hitch to Hollywood and stop studios from making movies about'em. But when you and me try it, it's like we're trapped in a fucking cartoon!
Yeah. This place is dead, anyway.
A half-a-million dollars will always be missed.
Look, there goes another Lemming. WE ANGLE ON the escalator as Josie and the Girls rise single file out of- FRAME.
Internal combustion, boys. Accept no substitutes.
Lock and fire on my command. You should have let me see her. We should have done this as men. Not with fire ...
The scroll has given him power.
Chicks, can not hold der smoke! That's what it is!
Why didn't you `` bus a cap in his ass'' then Tommy? Mind you, you would do more damage if you threw it at him.
I know it was you, Fredo. You've broken my heart.
Under the guise of a patriotic nightclub owner out to spare Jackie Kennedy from having to testify at a trial, Jack Ruby is shown into the underground garage by one of his inside men on the Dallas Police Force, and when he's ready Oswald is brought out like a sacrificial lamb and nicely disposed of as an enemy of the people. By early Sunday afternoon, the autopsy has been completed on him. Who grieves for Lee Harvey Oswald? Buried in a cheap grave under the name `` Oswald''? No one.
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose Kung Fu skills were the stuff of legend.
Hey, you don't know they're really gon na do it. Where do you get off passing judgment on us, when you can't be sure? How do you know?
Holy shit! We just pissed off the Incredible Hulk, his idiot half brother and two circus clowns.
Mikey. It's Mark Renton. Can you help me out?
As Coroner, I must aver I thoroughly examined her. And she's not only merely dead, She's really, most sincerely dead.
Holdin'my penis ... What a lovely way of sayin'how Much ya like me ...
You're my conscience.
The most valuable commodity I know of is information. Wouldn't you agree on that?
I'm not getting near that goddamn thing. One of those burned me on `` The Return Of Chandu.''
What I like and what I. need are two different things.
You don't frighten us, English pig-dog! Go and boil your bottoms, son of a silly person. I blow my nose on you, so-called Arthur-king, you and your silly English K ... kaniggets.
It's a miracle that brain can generate enough power to keep his legs moving ....
First of all, I'd like to thank whichever one of you donut munching, barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this to the press. That's just what we need now, some sensational story in the papers making these guys out to be super heroes, triumphing over evil. And let me squash the rumors now. These two aren't heroes. They are two ordinary men who were put in an extraordinary situation and they just happened to come out on top. Yes, nothing from our far reaching computer system has turned up jack shit on these two. All we know is what we found out from their neighbors. And the general consensus is that they're ... angels. But angels don't kill and we got two bodies in the morgue that look like they've been ...
Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years'worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again?
I'll do anything sexual, I don't need a million dollars to do it either ...
That's all right. maybe she could have fooled me. But ... She didn't fool my mother.
I keep my promises.
Then you are like us.
Spread out and look for Mary Clarence. Try to blend in.
I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.
Your very own number ... on your very own door ... and behind that door ... your very own office. Congratulations, DZ/015, welcome to the team.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize: `` Lushu hoo megwa fugi.'' It means `` I am an American.'' In Chinese.
Sir ... Do we get to win this time?
Hey, your heart attack could be the best thing that ever happened to me.
I know you are angry. I am angry. Follow me through the streets of San Francisco to share our anger! Harvey jumps down and begins walking, not sure if the mob will follow. Finally, they do. Cleve catches up.
Take off that thing.
And we have to take Glenville to avoid all the church traffic, because those damn church people drive too slow.
Great shot, kid. That was one in a million.
I can't help you, sorry. I'm not here to teach remedial reporting.
You failed because you had the wrong dream.
Thank you, Howard. Take what's left there with you and goodnight.
Speed Racer, slow down!
Here's me! Here's me again! `` I wanted to know what it's like to care about something passionately.''
Holy shit! Little kids!!!
Christ, that one was Beaver Cleaver's mother. Peter Pan! Peter Pan! Peter Pan!
Never mind. You know I had you pegged right from the start, you're the spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you can get anything is to buy it. Now you're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it? Ever hear of the word `` Humility''? No, you wouldn't. I guess it never occurred to you to just say, `` Please mister, I'm in trouble. Will you help me?'' No; that'd bring you down off your high horse for a minute. Let me tell you something; maybe it'd take a load off your mind. You don't have to worry about me. I'm not interested in your money or your problems. You, King Westley, your father, you're all a lot of hooey to me.
Thanks ... but your mood swings are giving me whiplash.
There ain't nothin'here lieutenant.
I think I'll miss you most of all.
Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one?
There are no excuses when you are the Leader, my student.
Weakness compels strength. Betrayal begets blood. This is the way of the Nine Clans. This is the way of the Ninja.
A Russian! I love Russians! Comrade ... I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years!
He was my idol! I can't remember a time when I didn't know his name! When I was only fourteen he was already famous. Even in Legnago - the tiniest town in Italy - I knew of him.
Major, if my word means anything, I can vouch for everything the YoungCap't has just said. He does hail from the bottom of Piz Palu, he was in the film, and his brother is far more handsome then he. The impostors laugh. Then .... so does the Gestapo Major. He turns to the Sgt.
We called him the mother superior on account of the length of his habit. He knew all about it. On it, off it, he knew it all. Of course I'd have another shot: after all, I had work to do.
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
Hey neighbor. shit for brains. You forgot I have a police radio. I know where your cute little butt is hiding. Here I come! Ready or not!
Fair's fair, Henry. If I get into Hot Lips and jump Hawkeye Pierce, do I get to go home, too?
You done it, you stupid old man ... now you got to undo it.
I'll tell you once, Won't tell you twice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss.
You have to ask me nicely. You see, Danny, I can deal with the bullets and the bombs and the blood. I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear. I don't want money and I don't want medals. What I want is for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform, and with your Harvard mouth, extend me some fuckin'courtesy. You got ta ask me nicely.
How terrible is wisdom, Holmes, when it brings no profit to the wise. We take power at noon.
You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
He must be the stupidest son-of-a- bitch alive. But he sure is fast!
Look. A man takes out an accident policy that is worth a hundred thousand dollars if he is killed on a train. Then, two weeks later, he is killed on a train. And not in a train accident, mind you, but falling off some silly observation car. Do you know what the mathematical probability of that is, Walter? One out of I don't know how many billions. And add to that the broken leg. It just can't be the way it looks, Walter. Something has been worked on us.
You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples?
Some people are born victims.
Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see.
Ultimo hombre. Last man standing, must've been one. Where'd he go?
One of us was going to have to die. With me it tends to be the other guy.
Yes, yes. I know. Right. And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this ... I grant you everything but give me this ... he does personify everything you've been fighting against ... And I'm in love with you. How do you like that? -- I buried the lead.
Negro, what the hell you doing to my woman?
No. And have some goddamned respect, zipper head, we're mourning over here. Walt slams the door in Tao's face. Walt turns and is suddenly cornered by Father Janovich. Walt hates situations like this.
It is better to be the right hand of the Devil, ... than in his path. As long as I serve him, I am immune.
Hey! Did you come down here to wrestle, or to act like an ass?
It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
First Prime, then Ultra Magnus and now you. It is a pity Autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now. Hot Rod desperately gasps and pulls at Galvatron's hands ...
Do you fear death? Do you fear that dark abyss? All your deeds laid bare. All your sins punished. I can offer you ... an escape-uh.
You throw money around like it was money.
See, that's the whole point. My mind ... Your mind ... Where do they fit in? You know what I mean?
I mean, you know, at least I admit that I don't know. I know that things are fucked up beyond belief and I know that I have nothing original to say about any of it, alright? I don't have an answer. I don't have a fucking message.
And no card-carrying member of the ACLU is more deadset against it ... than I am. Which is why I urge you ... no, I implore you not to consider this option.
You two are creeping me out. And I'm a coroner.
Fine ... and when the Tricyclatops comes after you, don't come crying to me.
If you were any less black, you would be clear.
You've been red-flagged. It means the moment you step on the casino floor, they'll be watching you. Like hawks. Hawks with video cameras.
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people to death?
Look at her. If anything happens to me tell every woman I've ever dated I was talking about them at the end. That way they'll have to reevaluate me.
Here's to five miserable months on the wagon and all the irreparable harm that it's caused me.
Like I give a shit. They all want me, as a friend or a fuck. I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior.
About the security. Of your shit.
You're forty-two years old, Johnny, and Mama is still running your life.
They've been in pocket. They're real soft and warm.
Easy, Helen. Easy. Easy, girl. You're overreacting. Everything's fine. They're just all getting coffee. At the same time. Yeah.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease! Now come out before somebody sees you.
A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
Go fuck yourself, psycho!
You wanted to see me, your joggingness?
o you? Okay. Oh, God ... I'm like the dumb girl who doesn't get it. I've never been the dumb girl before. It ain't so great.
I believe the word you're looking for is ... A-A-A-A-A-G-H-!
Andy? Really. Who gives a shit?
Uh love death travel ... revolt. We all write the songs, we're interested in anything about disorder, chaos, especially activity which seems to have no meaning ... I think when you make peace with authority, you become authority.
I got detention slips here, I'm not afraid to use them ...
Good morning, Mr. Bassett, this is your wake-up call. Please move your fat ass.
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Dr. Grant says this, Dr. Grant says that ...
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.
Yes. Got to sound good.
I'm a terrible failure, Mary, -- a book clerk by day and a poet by night, and not a very good one - but if you'll trust me -- at this one thing I won't fail -- I'll find your sister.
All right, sir. Let me ask you one simple question. Do you, Ambassador Zorin, deny that the U.S.S.R. has placed and is placing medium and intermediate range missiles and sites in Cuba? Yes or no - don't wait for the translation - yes or no?
He looks just like you.
Fuckin'90's are killin'me. I shouldn't a done that. You're not supposed to tell a guy you're gon na kill him anymore. I got ta tip-toe through the tulips with these assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer. It's what I do ... sucked all the fun right out of this job.
You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
Quaffable but far from transcendent.
Fuck, man! There's a beverage here!
Look, I'm The Dash! The Dash likes.
According to the Redskins, Ray Smith ... is ... that's weird. No college given, no high school given. It just says he's been a resident of the state of Maryland for the last four years and five months. Likes to embroider.
Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me.
You see, Franois, marriage is a beautiful mistake which two people make together. But with you, Franois -- I really think it < u > would < /u > be a mistake.
I know, Ma. I'm a tryin'. If it was the law they was workin'with, we could take it. But it ain't the law. They're workin'away at our spirits. They're tryin'to make us cringe an'crawl. They're workin'on our decency.
I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
You know, certain words and phrases just keep floating through my mind, things like incarceration, cavity search, life imprisonment, death by electrocution, that sort of thing. So, come out alive? I don't know. Let us think about that.
Nothing like fresh powder.
Ya know, that was the best flying I've seen since Nam ... ... Right up to that part where you got killed.
Joe College strikes out.
God. Will someone save these people from themselves ..
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
What I know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, I don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show. Are we being neighbors for now?
No one's ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.
It don't take no nerve to dosomep'n when there ain't nothin'else you can do.
Alright, the ho train is exiting the station. They're coming to you ...
Jack? Jack Sparrow! I can honestly say I'm glad to see you!
I've got to get Ted. Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
It's not the bible, you're not going to go to hell for this. Go on, make a clean tear, I want nothing left of it.
I want my jar of dirt.
I think kids get bored and have intercourse. And I think Junebug was a dummy about it. But we have to move on from here and help her figure it out.
Well, you and me got sense. Them Okies got no sense or no feeling. They ain't human. A human being wouldn't live like they do. A human being couldn't stand it to be so miserable.
Good morning, Dr. Silberman. How's the knee?
That's the point. My head is the witness protection program.
Kid, if there's anything you need, just ask your auntie Deb, that's me. Or if I'm not around, you can always talk to my sister Flo. Hi, how are you? Don't listen to anything my sister says, she's nuts! Ha ha ha ha!
Serve the nuts - I mean, serve the guests the nuts.
You got a talent for statin'the obvious, son Muchachos! Venga afuera! Brazos arribas!
I'm thin to win!'The name is B-Rad, Not Robbie Van Winkle ... Go get my latte nonfat, And don't forget the sprinkle!'
You know, Flip, Vietnam War was fought because of a bet Howard Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis.
It's useless, useless, useless. In time we'll come for him, then you ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-
That is, if you've got the guts. If you haven't, you better hang on to this.
I'm on my knees begging you.
And Bob, what the fuck is that smoke? Might as well get a couple hamsters in here blowing smoke rings for Christ's sake.
Candy-stripe a cancer ward. It's not my problem.
Ya got ta be a little soft to wan na be a pug ... It's a racket where ya'almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
Or, if not smithies per se, were you otherwise trained in the metallurgic arts before straitened circumstances forced you into a life of aimless wanderin'?
So long, boys! Hee-hee! See ya in the funny papers!
So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan?
I think she's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini.
Yeah, and if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass a-hoppin'! I don't want excuses, I want results!
That's bullshit, son. But it's really good bullshit.
Have you guys got something against dalmatians?
You're insane. But -- you might also be brilliant. Alright, Andy ... let's do it.
How could this happen? I was so careful. I picked the wrong play, the wrong director, the wrong cast. Where did I go right? We forgot one important, Bloom. Adolf Hitler always drew a crowd.
All right, Krueger. This time it's for keeps.
Dont look at me. I cant help you.
In my experience some of the most successful relationships are founded on lies and deceit. Since that's where they usually end up anyway, it's a logical place to start.
Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?
Didn't know who he was fuckin'with.
No, in Paris it's good to smell like you've been fucking. It will make them respect you.
I looked for you in my closet tonight. It's crazy, I don't know where you came from but. I like you.
You can't leave. She won't let you.
You can't learn to sing like that.
God wouldn't take me.
You be careful out among them English.
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!
Everything will be all right, you are in my hands. You have nowhere to go. I am here to protect you. You have nowhere to go. You have nowhere ....
If I had known I was going to meet the President, I'd a worn a tie. Look at me, I look like a schlemiel.
Uh-uh. You don't get to tell me what to do. Ever again.
All I'm saying is, you have to allow for things to happen to people, most of all to yourself. Otherwise, what's the use?
Thank you. I don't think there's anything worse than being ordinary ...
Let's do it outside ...
Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the scumbags in the quiet city of Boston start dropping dead and you think it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police doing my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad car and get me over there. I want the crime scene photos and any witness statements. NOW!
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base.
Duncan ... Duncan, I promised you an answer. You have complimented me with your persistence and patience ... But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
Nine's really late. We are really early.
I hope I haven't let you down.
Oh, that's funny. Oh. Oh. I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
You must think the whole world is queer. Well it's not. War sure isn't.
I got this ... feeling ... a weird feeling ... I can't explain it ...
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Isn't that how the saying goes?
What do I look like, a bank?
First we had your charge that the Cuban exiles killed the President, then the Mob, then you said the oil billionaires did it, then you said the Minutemen and the Ku Klux Klan collaborated to do it, now your latest theory seems to be that the CIA and the FBI and the Pentagon and the White House all combined in some elaborate conspiracy to kill John Kennedy. Let me ask you, is there anyone besides Lee Harvey Oswald who you think did not conspire to kill the President?
Hi. Welcome to the Snake Pit.
It's an unlicensed boxing match Tommy, not a tickling competition. These lads are out to hurt each other.
I walk into someone's place of work. They shit scared. They know I'm not a cop. They think I've come to kill'em and I would. I'd kill anybody who crosses me. You know what I mean?
Theres no promise you can make that I can trust.
A hot tub time machine.
Nobody likes you. Everybody hates you. You're an asshole and you're stupid. You're gon na lose. Smile, you fuck.
Danny's not here, Mrs. Torrance.
The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert. Would you like to stop somewhere and get something sweet?
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Look, it's okay for me to shit the street. But you got ta use a toilet.
I think ... we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin.
No, you can't! You think you could do these things but you can't, Nemo!
They went for someone with more theme park experience. I woulda killed for that job.
Dolphins! Yeah, they think they're sooo cute!'Hey, look at me. I'm a flippin'little dolphin! Let me flip for'ya! Ain't I a somethin'!'
I need you frightened.
Oh! That's wonderful, Harold. Go - and love some more.
An honest man is always in trouble, Simon. Remember that.
I say it here -- it comes out there.
Once a ham, always a ham. < U > You < /U >, an actor! And don't for- get, my dear Maxwell, the police will be glad to find you. Max is very contrite -- smiles wanly. Clears his throat. MAXWELL Hm -- I did not mean I wouldn't --
Let me explain something to you, Walsh. This business requires a certain finesse.
Because I'm almost thirty, for God's sake -- why on earth would I want to keep writing about characters whose central preoccupations are weed and dick and fart jokes? You got ta grow, man. Don't you ever want more for yourself? I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch does. I look in his doe eyes and I see a man crying out, `` When, Lord? When the fuck can your servant ditch this foul-mouthed little chucklehead to whom I am a constant victim of his folly, and who bombards me and those around us with grade-A foolishness that prevents me from even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck! When?!
Oh please come alive Rachel, please come alive. You can't be dead. Come alive Rachel!
That's a very fine Chardonnay you're drinking.
Fourth period, nearly shook me upside down. Can't say I didn't enjoy it, but why'd she come to me?
-- spirit can be broken ... with love.
Call the Vatican. Ask them if anything's missing.
Have your spoken to Mr. Palmer since your husband... you know, blew up?
Now you're an accomplice in a homicide. Everything you thought you were in control of just flew out the window or is dripping down your leg.
Dude -- I think I just filled the cup.
I've never seen this ... It appears your infant sustained some fractures while in your uterus. His arms and legs are broken.
Listen, I'm not even supposed to BE here. I'm just Crewman # 6. I'm expendable. I'm the guy in the episode who dies to prove that the situation is serious! I'm leaving NOW.
I'm gon na use you, you stupid fuck. I'm telling you now because I'll enjoy it more if I know that you could stop me if you weren't a freak.
Year after year, twenty-something women come to New York City in search of the two `` L's'': labels and love.
That's the first time you admit it.
We need someone handy with a scatter- gun to cover the hayseeds while we get the cash.
Department of Commerce. She's a secretary. They have a man they call the Secretary, but he isn't at all. My mother's a real secretary. Mr. Carpenter -- now can we go see the space ship?
I've come for my due and proper, Shang.
Good morning, my lord. I see you are open for business so let's to church.
... Blue horseshoe loves Anacott Steel.
Dear God. I do not ask for health. Or wealth. People ask you so often that you can't have any left. Give me God what you still have. Give me what no one else asks for. Amen.
Mr. B's not drunk, Mom, he's just ... eccentric.
I hope you don't screw like you type.
Mr. Hammond is dying to see you guys.
The future is now. Soon every American home will integrate their television, phone, and computer. You'll be able to visit the Louvre on one channel, and watch female mud wrestling on another. You can do your shopping at home, or play Mortal Kombat with a friend in Vietnam. There's no end to the possibilities. Come on up! What are you waiting for?!
Right. Anything else, you want me to mow the lawn? Oops, forgot. New York. No grass.
Got ol'Skynet by the ball now, Miles. Come on, let's book!
Settle down? Are you kidding? I'm at the top of my game! I'm right up there with the big dogs! Girls, come on. Leave the saving of the world to the men? I don't think so. I don't think so.
Blonde, shoot this piece of shit, will ya?
As I said, the mother ... To understand it, as I understood it hearing it from the mother ... That is, from the mother-half of Norman's mind, you have to go back ten years ... to the time when Norman murdered his mother and her lover. He was already dangerously disturbed, had been ever since his father died. His mother was a clinging, demanding woman ... and for years the two of them lived as if there was no one else in the world. Then she met a man and it seemed to Norman she `` threw him over'' for this man. That pushed him over the thin line ... and he killed them both. Matricide is probably the most unbearable crime of all ... and most unbearable to the son who commit it. So he had to erase the crime, at least in his own mind. He stole her corpse ... and a weighted coffin was buried. He hid the body in the fruit cellar, even `` treated'' it to keep it as well as it would keep. And that still wasn't enough. She was there, but she was a corpse. So he began to think and speak for her, gave her half his life, so to speak. At times he could be both personalities, carry on conversations ... at other times, the mother-half took over completely. He was never all Norman, but he was often only mother. And because he was so pathologically jealous of her, he assumed she was as jealous of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong attraction to any other woman, the mother side of him would go wild. When Norman met your sister, he was touched by her ... and aroused by her. He wanted her. And this set off his `` jealous mother'' and ... `` mother killed the girl.'' After the murder, Norman returned as if from a deep sleep ... and like a dutiful son, covered up all traces of the crime he was convinced his mother had committed.
Your mom is special. I look forward to raping her at your funeral.
I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
Oh, intro. Jellyman, Offspring. Offspring, Jellyman.
See, Simon, there are three kinds of there. There's'There'. T-H-E-R-E. There are the donuts. Then there's T- H-E-I-R; which is the possessive. It is their donut. Then, finally, there's'they're'.T-H-E-Y-'-R-E. A contraction, meaning they are. They're the donut people. Get it?
A toast to the end of the world.
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a `` shrink kit'' that comes with all these volumes included?
Me? That's why the bosses sent me out here. They wanted me to make sure none of the other crews robbed the joint. Like these two fuckin'balloon-heads over here. They were gon na try and bang us out of two hundred fuckin'grand? Yeah, right, I'm sure.
Am I right, did Sam sell you on the idea right up front, of whacking Suzie? That's murder, Kelly.
Come give your old man a kiss or I'll kick your teeth in.
Yeah, you chug that ass-cock baby -- It takes two hands to hold doesn't it --? Uhhh --
Maybe we're gon na have the Big Earthquake. They say things get weird just before that ...
Do we leave Middle-earth to its fate? Do we let them stand alone?
This is not a drill, soldier. We're clear on that? This is a live project and you are go. Training is over.
I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there is one that matters more than all the others. It is the trail of a true human being. I think you are on this trail and it is good to see.
The notion of secrecy is central to Western literature. You may say the whole idea of character in fiction is defined by people holding specific information which for various reasons - sometimes perverse, sometimes noble - they are determined not to disclose.
I had this image of you, inside of me, like a part of me.
I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm -- and don't let the robe fool you. This is the only color they had left. Now get up!
You have to hide the diary, Harold. You made me write it all down. He doesn't know about you. You'll be safe.
Last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
Yes. Yes. No. Very much no. Then inform Mr. Levin he'll find a better view of the fight in front of his television. Surely he must have H.B.O.
Isn't it wonderful?
I don't sleep with no whore and I don't wake up with no whore. That's how I live with myself, Buddy. I don't know how you do. I hope I'm wrong, I'll let them decide for themselves, that much I promise you.
Do you buy all your murder weapons at Home Depot? God, you're butch.
Ajay. Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
Somethin'went wrong, huh?
Every idiot gets to be young once.
Great Goddess Diana, fail you I will, I was to bring fresh sperm from my Bill. I had him erect, and his semen would follow But alas I was hot, so hot that I swallowed.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
We are men of action. Lies do not become us.
I tell him: When you dream about bad things happening it shows you're still fighting. You're still alive. It's when you start to dream about good things you should start to worry.
I want out of this marriage.
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
It's true. Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world.
... Sometimes it's a hard world for little things.
Oh, the Pineapple Express. It's so rare it's almost a shame to smoke it, like killing a unicorn ... with, like, a bomb.
Once you've been driven off a bridge at 80 miles an hour, somehow you don't invite happiness in without a full body search.
I never liked me, anyway.
No. Never. The blood stays on the blade, son.
You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny ... Can you fuck like that? ... You like it like a bunny? ... Huh? ... Cause baby, Ill fuck you like a real good like a big ol jack- rabbit bunny ... Jump all around in that hole ... Bobby Peru doesnt come up for air.
Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around. David shakes his head a little. Her words strike right to the heart of him.
Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in the fire if I told ya you'd see Hell ... meanwhile you too stupid to realize you got a demon sticking out your ass singing, `` Holy Miss Moly, I got a live one.''
If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.
Sire, only opera can do this. In a play, if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise. No one can understand a word. But with music, with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at once, and it's not noise - it's a perfect harmony. Isn't that marvelous?
You ... You are ... the Duke of New ... New York ... You're ... A-Number-One.
Intelligence! Nothing has caused the human race more trouble. Modern marriage!
I'll whistle up some luck for you.
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you. But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg. We just have to mobilize it.
You see the whole culture ... Nazis, deodorant salesman, wrestlers ... beauty contests, the talk show ... Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling? Hmm? But the worst are the fundamentalist preachers ... third- rate con men, telling the poor suckers that watch them that they speak for Jesus ... and to please send in money. Money, money, money! If Jesus came back, and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
How bad is it? You know I used to smoke.
I detest cheap sentiment.
All I see are dead people. Everywhere. What's three more?
Chili Palmer. Chilly outside. Chili inside. It's a regular fuckin'chili-fest. Hey, waiter -- give Mr. Chili Pepper a big fuckin'bowl of chili!
It's the end of the world!
What have you done with his body?
Hey, I know you. You're the one that run into my trash.
Man's in town two days, thinks he's David O. fucking Selznick.
So you got pinched in the elevator. So what? Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
I appreciate your concern for the dignity of my courtroom, Mr. Slocum - considering you're making the argument dressed as a game-show host. Unfortunately, the man is a tax-paying citizen, entitled by our Constitution to try and manipulate the legal system, like everybody else.
Rusted. Tetanus. Nice touch. I overlooked it. You tried to capitalize. But I caught you, you fuck. I can beat you. Not forever, but I got this cabin rigged to beat you NOW!
I can't eat that. He used his hands. I don't think it's sanitary. but drops it in her lap by
Aren't you a little short to be a stormtrooper?
A funny thing just happened. A little trip down memory lane. I thought you were on our couch, dead.
`` Emotion''. Mental agitation - an excited state of. It is also an irrational and powerful master and from what Janet had witnessed on the monitor, there seemed to be little doubt that she was indeed its slave.
Hey, buddy, you got a dead cat in there of what?
What are you gon na do when you get home?
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willy Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor, will end up in this very place of desolation.
Intruder on level one ... all aliens please proceed to level one.
We've come for your daughter, Chuck!
Come on,d'Artagnan. We haven't got all night.
You know, there's a million fine- looking women in the world, but they don't all bring you lasagne at work. Most of them just cheat on you.
I've only seen paintings of that painting ...
What the hell are you looking at? You probably never had a heavy night in your whole, goddamn disciplined life.
Never beamed two targets from two places onto the same pad before! That was pretty good!
He's choking! Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on it!
What's the matter, Othello jealous? Did you know there's a swimming pool under this floor? And did you know that button behind you causes this floor to open up? And did you further know that George Bailey is dancing right over that crack? And I've got the key?
What would you have me do? Look at my men. Their courage hangs by a thread. If this is to be our end, then I would have them make such an end as to be worthy of remembrance.
Alright then, what is it? Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying?
Jesus, what a day. Felt like Icouldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay, so you don't want insurance, so okay, that's your loss. But God, people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my ...
See that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
You used to ride with that guy?
Look at the size of that trunk. You could fit three people in there. Not people -- suitcases. It's a joke.
You're asking me out. That's so cute. What's your name again?
Throw one at me if you want, hash head. I've got all five senses and I slept last night, that puts me six up on the lot of you.
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion ....
Hello, Alice. Welcome to wonderland.
You call yourself a man? You know you're a lyin', low-life, motherfuckin'gambling degenerate prick? You know that's what you are? Two small kids at home. I gave you money to pay the fuckin'rent and buy groceries, put the heat on. You know your wife called Frankie and told him the fuckin'heat's off?
I'm not talking about day sailing or pleasure boating. I'm talking about working for a living. Sharking.
Hah! Stop your grinnin'and drop your linen! Found'em.
Wait a minute. This is a very big decision. It might effect the course of my entire life. I'll have to think about it. I'll do it.
I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you.
Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea. It's all here - ready - fresh as harvest day. Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea ... And then it stopped coming and they came instead. So I store them here. I'm ready. And you're ready. It's my Job - protein, plankton, grass from the sea
T, What happened in the kitchen? It looks like somebody's water broke. Hi.
I'm really beginning to question your teaching methods.
Aya! Uh? seech! Aunido! Aunido! Follow my voice! Follow my voice! To the left, uh ... No, to the right ... Go to the left ...
He can't hear you. He's just a deaf and dumb Indian!
This TEC-9? They advertise it as being the most popular gun in American crime. Can you believe that shit? It actually says that on the little booklet that comes with it. `` Most Popular Gun in American Crime,'' like they're proud of that shit.
The NSA's been in bed with the entire tele-communications industry since the 40's. They've infected everything: Banks, computers, phones, mail, name it. The more technology we buy into, the easier it is keeping tabs on us. It's a brave new world. At least it better be.
Now, Ned ... them whores are gon na lie different lies than you ... an'when your lie ain't the same as their lie ... I ain't gon na hurt no woman, I'm gon na hurt you ... not gentle like I been doin'but ... baaaad.
We'll tear your soul apart!
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. We make the rules, Buddy, the news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the cost of a paper clip. We pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits around their whole life wondering how we did it ... ... you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? It's the free market. You're one of us now ... take advantage of it. You got the killer instinct, kid, stick with me. I got things to teach you ...
I just pissed in my pants ... and nobody can do anything about it.
You good-lookin'sumbitch ... don't you EVER die!
What sayest thou? Hast thou not a word of joy? Some comfort, Nurse.
I don't think I'll let you arrest Us today, Behan. Maybe tomorrow.
Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?
This is great! They're going to start eating each other out there.
Keep a weather eye on the horizon.
Excuse me. If whoever's in the house is still in the house, I'd like you to know that I have just called the police. If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll get your ass out of my house real quick.
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
Son of a bitch!
I trust your trip down was comfortable, Doctor Jones. My men didn't alarm you, I hope.
Hey `` dick wad'' ... I'm speaking.
It's sass, right? You're sassing me.
Unclean beast, get thee down! Be thou consumed by the fires that made you!
Well, well. The slum dog barks. Money or women. The reason for most mistakes in life. Looks like you got mixed up with both. Srinivas, you need the exercise: a trip to VT Station to check on the statue. And lock your bloody bike up.
My oldest son's a salesman. He sells cars.
Play me something sweet. Like a girl's waiting for me.
A room full of friends, family, enemies ... watching, smiling, betting on how long the marriage will last. All youll have is each other and whatever skills you acquire today.
We should get back,'cause it'll be dark soon. They come mostly at night. Mostly.
He's very touchy about those his drums, they loom large in his legend.
Stacy ... Stacy ... maybe now isn't the best time for the I-Told-You-So speech.
Promise. Cross my heart. But until Mommy gets back, Dylan, whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
I'll lick the stamps.
They said he suffered horribly. That he called out for me right before he died. They said he said he regretted his life. They said he said a lot of things. Too many to recount. They said it was the longest and saddest deathbed speech any of them had ever heard.
Nine ten, Freddy's back again ...
What a joy to think of all we'll have in common. We'll have conversations worth having.
You figure it out! You haven't done anything. All you do is freak out!
There IS no quantum flux and there Is no auxiliary ... There's no goddamn ship Do you get it?
Id rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
We should have dug deeper than a grave.
Oh, fuck. Fuck. FUCK FUCK FUCK! WILLIAMSON!!! WILLIAMSON!!! OPEN THE FUCKING ... WILLIAMSON ...
My nephew, Leonard. He worships me. Let's share a toast to you... a nice guy who's about to finish last.
What the hell is going on? I mean
Easy, Bill. You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
I don't envy you the headache you will have when you awake. But, in the meantime, rest well ... and dream of large women.
Would you like something to nibble -- apricots, soaked in honey -- quite why, no one knows -- because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless -- there we go -- yours if you want them.
Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something. I already know how to drink.
... So, between Mamma, Roberto and the sisters, we yell and scream all day long. Except with Angelica. She just cries. And then finally, we all end up kissing. Can you explain that to me?
You better be sure you wan na know whatcha wan na know.
We're not gon na die! We're not gon na die! We're getting out of here! Now listen to me- is there a way around the chasm.
I don't rattle, kid. But just for that I'm gon na beat you flat.
Get on me, Bert. I can't lose.
What's for dessert?
You surprised that a girl with real breasts and an I.Q. over 70 can give you a hard-on?
Oh, what, you're mother-of-the-year? You treat her like an employee.
This'll bust me -- I'm barely makin'a livin'now --
Anyone care to join me?
Please just try to be your normal humorous self, okay? Like who you were before the tailspin. Do you remember that guy? People love that guy. And don't forget -- your novel is coming out in the fall.
Take my hand and swear eternal loyalty to Zod.
Nellie, you're a disgrace to depression.
Jesus Christ, that's Jason Bourne.
Take caution in your tone, Commander. I'm a fair guy, but this fuckin'heat's making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds? On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that it's an invaluable part of close infantry training, and if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my base how I run my base. You want to investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So don't for one second think you're gon na come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
I found a toaster.
Me too. Greenville is so boring. Any other city in the world and you'd still be a virgin.
I'm not hungry ... master.
Not an enigma, just a contradiction.
The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Being miserable and treating other people like dirt is every New Yorker's God-given right. What am I supposed to do -- go on television and tell eight million people they have to be nice to each other? I'm sorry, none of this makes any sense to me, and if anything does happen we've got plenty of paid professionals to deal with it. Your two minutes are up. Good night, gentlemen.
omehow I need to make him understand that it is a fair price for a legitimate heir.
You're not affiliated with me! Holy smokes, I'm late. Listen, I've got ta be somewhere.
Remember, the Force will be with you ... always.
Do you know how I define `` idealism,'' Monsieur Delben?
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti ... Fly back to school, little Starling.
You ought to put up a banner -- `` Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy'' --
When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
Do me a favor, will you? Spare me, for God's sake. Get in the real world. What do you think? I'm going to resign in protest? To force it on the air? The answer is `` no.'' I don't plan to spend the end of my days wandering in the wilderness of National Public Radio. That decision I've already made.
She had the most beautiful eyes. I wanted to make some conversation but I found my new self asking the same old stupid questions.
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school was society. Is that deep or what? I'll let you put it in your diary, babe. Free of charge.
You couldn't hit a lake if you were standing on the bottom, now shut the fuck up.
Everyone needs money. That's why they call it `` money ...''
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Has it been five years? Six? It seems like a lifetime -- the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
Easiest thing in the world. I just thought -- but the canteen is much better. Good concept. Let's go with that --
Could you possibly try not to hit every single one!
Thank you, Bloom. I knew I could con you.
Anything about that seem unusual to you?
Oh, I'm hurt. I am very much hurt.
So then, the next thing I know, she's sitting right next to me, and then, well, it's not right to go into the details, but I screwed up. I got nervous. I said the wrong thing and if I hadn't, I could be in bed now with a woman who if you could make her smile you got a life. Instead, I'm here with you, no offense, a moron pushing the last legal drug.
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired ... I'll be very unhappy.
Pull my string! The birthday party's today?!
May I pass along my congratulations for your great achievement. In the miserable annals of the Earth, you will be duly enshrined! However ... ... Miss Priddy claims to be unable to solve my problem. And provide the crucial missing circuit for my Overthruster. Perhaps you can convince her to try.
You know how women kin lie ... I knock'em around a little, ask'em where the money is, they say they don't have none? ... but they coulda squirreled away that much, the five of'em. Maybe.
Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam.
Hester Mofet ... `` The rest of me.'' Miss The-Rest-of-Me ... Meaning, you rented that place.
C'mon, push! Never give up, never surrender!
Ladies and gentlemen. Let me tell you my vision for the future. `` The Box'' in every home in America. And one day, the world.
Yesma'am. I need the police over here at the Wheatley house. I've killed somebody with a mower blade. Yesma'am, I'm right sure of it. I hit him two good whacks. That second time just plumb near cut his head in two. Hits a little old yeller house right on the corner of Marigold Street and some other street. They's a red pickup truck out front says DOYLE HARGRAVES CONSTRUCTION on it. I'll be a settin'here waitin'on ye. Beside sendin'the police, Doyle said you might want to send a ambulance or a hearse. Thank ye.
That's five thousand dollars. He's from the Metropolitan Museum of Art so suck my pussy, you star.
I will never love again.
You can sit here if you want.
UCLA? My cardigan sweater period.
All right, listen to me ... listen to me. I was the hick they were going to use to split the hick vote. But I'm standing right here now on my hind legs ... even a dog can learn to do that. Are you standing on your hind legs? Have you learned to do that much yet? Here it is, here it is, you hicks. Nail up anybody who stands in your way! Nail up Joe Harrison! Nail up McMurphy! And if they don't deliver, give me a hammer and I'll do it myself.
I really don't know, but at her age, if she did smoke grass, she'd have one hell of a trip!
Dick Laurent is dead.
Command station, this is ST 321. Code Clearance Blue. We're starting our approach. Deactivate the security shield.
Why not? All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it, haven't you?
It is strange that my life should end in such a terrible place but for three years I had roses and apologized to nobody.
He's almost a stranger and I prefer him to you.
It's hard to stop talking about something so huge. I could go on and on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop, wang, thang, hotrod. Hump mobile, Oscar, dong, dagger, banana, cucumber, salami. Sausage, kielbasa, schlong, dink, tool, Big Ben, Mister Happy, prick, disk, pecker, peter, pee-pee, wee-wee, weiner, pisser, pistol, joint, hose, horn, middle-leg, third- leg, meat, stick, joystick, dipstick.
Well, I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful -
How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath! Is the news good or bad? Answer to that.
You'll lose the signal!
Thou art a villain!
I am pumped to kick some Romulan ass! No joke. BRING IT ON!
That you'll put down a blanket. I've got black and blue marks all over my butt, and my Mom's getting uptight about them.
Mister, you got a lot to learn about people.
You ain't got the bizalls, bitch!
If it bleeds, we can kill it.
You just committed suicide, boy.
Higher, you animals, higher! We open Saturday night! Kick! Kick! Two-three-kick-turn! Two-three- kick-turn! Okay, let's hear it!
Forget everything you've seen on TV, and in the movies ...
It's like the wind. I can't see it but I feel it.
Can you look destiny in the eye without flinching?
Never send a boy to do a woman's job. With me, we can do it in seven.
Yeah, let's let the healing begin.
The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do.
Fine. More eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
I know what you mean. I've got the same problems. I just can't get things organized. Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, & quot; One of these days I'm Gon na Organezizied & quot;.
Martinis are for squares, man.
Larry Ferris! Don't make me call your mother!
No, dude. Fuck him. Fuck him in the ear.
I'm with you, Imzadi ...
Exercising the right not to walk.
Don't you puke on my shoes, Harry.
I don't care anyway. I want the coffin to be white. And I want it specially lined with satin. White, or deep pink.
I would say you look rather lost. But then I can not imagine where in the world the three of you would look at home ...
In dreams begin responsibilities.
Mr. Nolan, it's for you. It's God. He says we should have girls at Welton.
A live human body and a dead human body have the same number of particles. Structurally there's no difference.
For us to live any other way was nuts. To us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks, who took the subway to work every day and worried about their bills, were dead. They were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something, we just took it. If anyone complained twice, they got hit so bad they never complained again. It was routine. You didn't even think about it.
... I feel utterly abandoned in a place that values physical prowess over mental acuity. I can't wait for all this to change once we get in the real world ...
That's a lot of fish.
The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator. Because if a machine can learn the value of human life ... maybe we can too.
Oh, a jack-rabbit, me.'Sides, I never credited the Alliance with an over-abundance of brains. And if you're the best they got ...
Be clever, miss; even if you win she'll never let you go!
Josie Grossie.
You don't say much friend, but when you do it's to the point and I salute you for it.
I'm sorry, I just hallucinated.
I feel a nightmare coming on. 1 in the corner.
Which means Death could be coming for us.
Eat your waffles, fat man.
So what? I'd rather die covered in blood, than an old man, lying in my own piss.
Oh, race him, you can beat him.
You always were an asshole, Gorman.
Fuck you .... and the horse ... you rode in on.
What's the matter with you Kable? Kill something!
What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear. Captain Kirk, I so much want your understanding. I want your respect. Are you afraid to hear me out?
Boy, sure would be nice if we had some grenades,don'tchya think? Mal says nothing, keeps firing.
Sandra Templeton! I love you! And I am going to marry you!
We'll be moving on, now that your sign no longer appears to be impeding our forward progress.
Wait! Did you say you are pregnant or you were pregnant ... You had it, threw it out and you're gon na go back and dance all night!
Someday my bat will come. Some day my bat will come. I'm counting on it.
... nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be.
Here we are. So, oh, this is the living room and back here, the bedrooms. You want to see the pictures? All right. Well, this is my husband, Bill. He's a bowling champion. Do you know what bowling is? Bowling? Well, here they are down at the lake, fishing. I think Kevin looks a little glum Because they didn't catch anything that day. And here's my daughter, Kim. All dressed up the junior prom. She's a senior now. I can't believe it. She's camping in the mountains with some friends, but she'll be back in a few days and you can meet her then. Isn't she beautiful? That's my family. Now, go on, dear. I'll show you the rest of the house. Then you can just freshen up and make yourself at home. Okay? That's the kitchen over there. You help yourself to anything you want to eat or drink. Those are grapes. Back here are the bedrooms. Let me get you some towels, then I will see what we can find to wear. You know what? I think I have some of Bill's old clothes in here. This is perfect. Here. These should just fit you. Oh, no, no. Don't be alarmed. That's just a phone. Now you can go in Kim's room and put these on. I'll be right with you.
I got ten thousand watts and hot to trot. First woman takes me on is gon na light up like a pinball machine an'pay off in silver dollars ...
Just so we're clear. You stole a car, shot a bouncer, and had sex with two women?
We've just lost cabin pressure.
So let me get this right. You were gon na kill yourself by jumping off the Titanic? That's great!
You know what your problem is? You're just too adorable ...
We're gon na make the money grow because that's the smart way. It's capital and you don't spend that. You invest it. That way you can get the SP250 and have money left over.
You must bow down to the Almighty Bunghole. Heh heh, this is cool. Bungholio-o-o-o-o-o!
Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time.
That's Mr. Potato Head to you, you back-stabbin'murderer!
I have to admit, things have really started looking up for me since my life turned to shit.
... I'd hired the guy who did the least gabbing when he came in for an interview. But I guess the new man had only kept quiet because he was nervous; once he had the job, he talked from the minute I opened the shop in the morning ...
It's a sin. It's a wicked indulgence. Is this butter almond?
And shepherds we shall be. For thee, my Lord, for thee. Power hath descended forth from thy hand that our feet may swiftly carry out thy command. So we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be. E nomini patri, et Fili e spiritu sancti.
We have a saying here. `` Shake and shake the catsup bottle, none will come and then a lot'll.''
If they move, kill them. C.L. grins happily and squats on the floor, his 12 gauge pump shotgun angled up at:
I'm voting for Dukakis.
I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
`` Thus by the virtue collected Through all that I have done, May the pain of every living creature be completely cleared away.''
They used to say that a child conceived in love, has a greater chance of happiness. They don't say that any more.
He didn't die???? I ask you to kill Superman and you're telling me you couldn't even do that one simple thing??!!!
Tee, the beautiful babies don't work Wednesdays midnight to six. This is the skank shift.
I say this is the last straw. I came back from the war, I found my house burned down. My cows was dead. Now my wife's run off with my cousin, Jeb, that sonofabitch. Took my dog --
Oh, this is gon na strike a raw nerve, mama. Here's the Platters.
We've become increasingly frustrated watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts. no cue cards. It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine. That's how he can support an entire channel.
I want to talk to my husband.
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.
For the last fifteen years, I have fought here at this table along side your predecessors in the struggle against the Soviet. Gentlemen, I do not wish to seem melodramatic, but I do wish to impress upon you one observation with all conceivable sincerity. A lesson I have learned with bitter tears and great sacrifice. The Soviet understands only one language: action. It respects only one word: force.
Don't they ever stop migrating?
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
Looky there. She'll be losin'her mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon, and like as not I'll be saddled with the consequences.
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
... Am I a good man or am I a bad man?
Nice work, Bone Daddy.
That is exactly so. It is like your name ... Sykes. I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like ``ss'aik'ss'', two words in my language which mean `` excrement'' and `` cranium''.
Hack the Planet!
Dear Susan. Poor Jimmy was caught and beaten so badly he got a severe hernia and lost a testicle. He's been in the hospital for months having operations ..
What's that? I know that laugh.
... As I squeeze past, do I give you the ass or the crotch?
Well, want in one hand and shit in the other -- see which gets full first.
Maybe I'm not such a high-class piece of property right now. And a twenty- five per cent slice of something big is better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin'.
We may ask what is relevant, but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar, the demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological, Damien. And powerful. So don't listen, remember that, do not listen.
You're our best and only friend.
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
I have a dick on my face, don't I?
Okay hard drinkers, let's drink hard. I'm buyin'.
Shoulda felt up Tammy in the pool, that time ...
That's a possibility.Y'know you Boston cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day, neither of which deal with abnormally sized men. Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
Everybody makes their own fun.F'you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun, it's entertainment.
After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in. He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form. And he told me to change the form. He told me to change the one to a nine. Or else, or else, he said ... He said he'd fire me. He said I'd never work again ... Who were these men ...? Who were these men ...? I wanted to be a nurse ...
When I think back on my relationship with Mr. Novotny, what I miss most. is our talks.
Let's try this dance again. You are the puppet. I am the puppeteer. Do get it right this time.
No, bulls would gum it. They'd flash their dusty standards at the wide-eyes and probably find some yegg to pin, probably even the right one. But they'd trample the real tracks and scare the real players back into their holes, and if we're doing this I want the whole story. No cops, not for a bit.
Come and play with us, Danny.
Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
You think he'll ever want to kiss me again?
I think you're the most interesting person I've ever met.
That's very clever sir, but what if there's a fire? I think violating fire codes and endangering the lives of children would be unwise at this juncture in your career, sir.
It's like War of the Worlds.
Every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it was full again.
To know them means to eliminate them. Consequently, the military aspect is secondary to the police method. I know we are not fond of this word, but it is the only word that indicates exactly the type of work that we must perform. We must make the necessary investigations in order to proceed from one vertex to another in the entire pyramid. The reason for this work is information. The method is interrogation. And interrogation becomes a method when conducted in a manner so as to always obtain a result, or rather, an answer. In practice, demonstrating a false humanitarianism only leads to the ridiculous and to impotence. I am certain that all the units will understand and react accordingly. However, success does not depend solely on us. We need to have the Casbah at our disposal. We must sift through it ... and interrogate everyone. And here is where we find ourselves hindered by a conspiracy of laws and regulations that continue to be operative, as if Algiers were a holiday resort and not a battleground. We have requested a carte blanche. But it is very difficult to obtain. Therefore, it is necessary to find an excuse to legitimize our intervention, and make it possible. It is necessary to create it ourselves -- this excuse. Unless our adversaries will think of it themselves, which seems to be what they are doing.
I can't do this alone. I'm afraid he'll pull the stiff one eye on me. I need you to chaperon. Separate everything but cars. You said you liked convertibles. Now I'm on the hook.
They're still trying to find a place for him to sleep.
The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. No pity.
No ... You've always been crazy. This is just the first chance you've had to really express yourself.
-- I don't love you.
All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction?
Do you like to gamble, Eddie? Gamble money on pool games?
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Okay, boys, let's broaden our minds.
Say hey, Willie Mays Hayes here. I play like Mays and run like Hayes.
Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass ...
I gave you your life twice. I'm asking you to give me mine once. I need the money.
Soft and supple. Like a lady's.
I'm being very calm. I'm composed. This is the second time I've been hit with a severed head, I'm entitled to complain.
It's Rainbow Randolph! Someone stop him!
Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it -- molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating.
I'm redefining'weird'on an hourly basis. What were you thinking about when you started feeling anxious?
Well, you know where the lavatory is. You pay for that pee stick when you're done! Don't think it's yours just because you've marked it with your urine!
You live pretty well out here. Now I understand why you want to keep your budget classified.
Take this beast back to his cage.
It was the night before Xmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, expect for the four assholes coming in the rear in standard 2 X 2 cover formation.
Come on in you fuckers ... come on in.'ol'painless'is waitin'...
Damn. Gon na be another hot one today. Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed. Course don't want to get out for the cold one's neither. Then of course the clouds come in ...
That's all right. We tried everything to got rid of them. We never thought of a Frenchman.
I'll press your flesh, you dimwitted sonofabitch - you don't tell your pappy how to cawt the elect'rate!
Tain't all bad, miss. Thou art alive ... thou art still ... living ...
One word love: curiosity. You long for freedom. You long to do what you want to do because you want it. To act on selfish impulse. You want to see what it's like. One day, you won't be able to resist.
So sharp you won't feel a thing ...
'T was a long time ago, longer now than it seems, in a place that perhaps you've seen in your dreams. For the story that you are about to be told, took place in the holiday worlds of old. Now, you've probably wondered where holidays come from. If you haven't, I'd say it's time you begun.
No. Just plain ol'Miller. Now you can fuckin'take it or you can fuckin'leave it.
If you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains -- however improbable -- must be the truth.
-- He was here but he put an egg in his shoe and beat it.
The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise.
Get Kyle and Dusty over here. And keep your eyes open. I'm running out of deputies.
Japs had us pinned down in Buna for something like six weeks. Well, I got ta tell ya, I thought we had it tough, but, Jesus, we had supply. They were eating grubs, nuts, thistles. When we finally up and bust off the beach we found Arnie Bragg, kid missing on recon; the Japs had eaten the sonofabitch, if you'll pardon the, uh ... And this was a scrawny, pimply kid too, nothin'to write home about. I mean, I never would've, ya know, so what do I say, honey? When I don't like dinner, what do I say?
You'll see little man, plenty times you be alone. You different like us, it's gon na be that way. But I tell you a little secret I find out. We know we alone. Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people ... they just as alone as us ... But they scared shitless ...
Aah, I've lost count. Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
It's been a brilliant journey of self-awakening, and you've simply got to ask yourself -- what is happiness to you?
I am a retired investor on a pension, and I wished to live there as a Jew in the twilight of my life ...
Naw, Phillip, I need me a time machine with a loud radio to take me where I'm goin'. Walkin's for squares.
It's not a fantasy, I'm in the fucking PTA.
She shore don't look prosperous. Want to go somewheres else?
12 David on the corner of Thirty- eight and Two you'll find a three- car accident, two taxis and a taxi. One-two Henry, 427 East Two-two, report of a very bad smell. No further information ...
Man, you don't know dick about smuggling no drugs.
I can fairly hear my heart beating!
Bring in that floating fat man ... the Baron.
You will live, John Constantine, you will live so you'll have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in Hell. You will live!
Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out. This thing's heavy. Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?
One more word. If I ever run into any of you bums on a street corner, just let's pretend we never met before. Understand?
Oh Jesus, no. The appearance of law must be upheld, especially while it's being broken.
My scrotum is longer than my penis.
You know, with the makeup and everything1 I actually thought he was smart for a second.
Oh, Christine! You googatz in the head or something? We're on the side of the freakin'highway!
I'm not finished. Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that bridge, stand before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own ass.
I want you to know you don't got ta stay. If we're not going to make it, it's got to be you that gets out. I'm not capable I'm fuckin'Irish, so I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life.
Sean, those hooligans are in the park again.
This was mine. How extraordinary! It looks the same as the last time I saw it.
You haven't spent much time in cemeteries, have you? Mr. Thorwald could hardly put his wife into a plot of ground scarcely one foot square.
Are you a lunatic? Can't you see I'm trying to back out of this lot? There's a red light, you shoulda stopped.
What's bizarre? I mean we're all pretty bizarre! Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
He's a VH-1 documentary without the music.
God, you sound like Rex. Do you want to die like him too? Will that make you happy?
I? can/? may join the circus!
And tell Merrill to swing away.
Were having too good a time today. We ain't worryin'about tomorrow yet ...
I am Cornholio! I need picatta for my bunghole!
The Horseman ... he was a Hessian mercenary, sent to our shores by German princes to help keep Americans under the thumb of England. However, unlike his compatriots who came as muscle in trade for currency, he came willingly. For love of carnage.
My name's Tommy. I was only eight- years-old when I saw him. But I was lucky. I survived.
Welcome to the real world!
His staff! I told you to take the wizards staff!
Something on your mind?
Who!? Those Wall Street bastards.
From this moment forth, the world as you know it SHALL CEASE TO
Don't worry. It's not a threat to you.
And I started playing baseball when I was a kid like everybody else only I was better than every- body else. When I was seventeen I started playing for money -- my father didn't approve. He was a great man ...
Look, I'll make this easy on you. I never see him anymore. I barely know him anymore. I'd just kinda like to. know where he is.
... Jim ... Your name is Jim.
Be honest, kid -- am I hurt bad?
I love you, too, but I shouldn't have married you. Mrs. Fox turns and walks away. Fox stares after her. He goes over to Ash.
Jesus, my-my grammy ... n-never gave gifts, you know. She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks.
Ohhh -- you cursed brat! Look what you've done! I'm melting! Melting! Oh - - what a world -- what a world! Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness!? Ohhh! Look out! Look out! I'm going. Ohhhh! Ohhhhhh ....
Ugh! The human mouth is a disgusting place.
Oh, thanks for letting us draw from your ample make-up supply. You must have the entire Revlon factory in your purse!
I just can't believe this voodoo bullshit. You believe this voodoo bullshit, Blair?
You're tearing me apart!
There's someone else in the House!
Get this tub of shit down to the infirmary. If I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night, by God and Sonny Jesus, you'll all visit the infirmary. Every last motherfucker here.
Henaberry, Mr. Morrow, Bill - this is Mr. Deeds and his fiance from Mandrake Falls.
You belong in there. With nice people. Stay away from people like me.
Officially I was dead for seven minutes. But believe me, seven minutes in Hell is a lifetime.
`` One may smile and smile and be a villain.'' Goddammit! We got one of'em!
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago .... and Claudia ... whatever you wan na tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't ... and I will listen ... I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want ... and you know, you know ... I won't judge you .... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't ... I can ... listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you ....
Oh no my baby - don't be upset - it was a mercy killing. He had a certain naive charm - but no muscle.
... all the cabbies in LA, I get Max, Sigmund Freud meets Dr. Ruth ...
The time has come to make a choice, Mr. Anderson. Either you choose to be at your desk on time from this day forth, or you choose to find yourself another job. Do I make myself clear?
`Sentimental value'. I've heard of that.
I know. It's unbelievable. I've investigated, world bank officials, drug cartels, arms dealers, and I've never faced this kind of heat. For ninjas. Fucking unbelievable!
The real war is in us. History is a symptom of our disease.
Great! But that's the way things go. You think you got a swell yarnthen something comes alongmesses up the finishand there you are.
Oh, Jesus. I don't know what's scarier -- losing nuclear weapons or the fact that it happens so often that you people have a term for it.
A naked blond walks into a bar, with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other. She lays the poodle on the table. Bar- tender says: `` I suppose you won't be needing a drink.'' The naked lady says ...
Are you sure it isn't time for a colorful metaphor?
You're not someone I could get interested in. Craig. You play with dolls.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her.
'Know ye that a prince and a great man has fallen this day.'
Rose is displeased. Mmm ... what to do?
Skate-boarders I don't mind, even though they dress like fuckin'idiots, but when I see some pin-head on rollerblades, I get the definite urge to grease the grill of my car with'em.
So that's it, just forget about us?
Every single one of Bill's men fired high. They instinctively hadn't wanted to shoot another person. Later Bill would come across a study by General S.L.A Marshall, which revealed that only 15-20 percent of fresh soldiers shot to kill. The rest aimed high, didn't fire at all, or pretended to be busy doing something else.
Huh? Huh? Oh, come on! You got ta admit, this is cool. Just like a movie! The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage. Throngs of screaming people! And just when all hope is lost, Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were!
Jesus, Joseph and Mary. These Hmong broads are like badgers.
Got a lot of holes in the desert, and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. Except you got ta do it right. I mean, you got ta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise you're talkin'about a half-hour or forty-five minutes of diggin'. And who knows who's gon na be comin'along in that time? Before you know it, you got ta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin'night.
Affleck, you're the bomb in Phantoms, yo.
Old Lady Swanger says you need some help. Here I am.
You! You've been taken to the cleaners and you don't even know your pants are off!
Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Look at my face, Cole.
There are over 550 million firearms in worldwide circulation. That's one firearm for every twelve people on the planet. The only question is ... ... how do we arm the other eleven?
Only second chance I know, chancet'make the same mistake twice.
Polly wan na cracker?
The power of Christ compels you.
Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught -- you don't know the heat on this.
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color. But I still got it, Eddie ...'Boop boop be-doop'.
It was all bullshit. All of it. From the start ... you set us up, got us in here to do your dirty work.
Luck, my friend, luck. Who needs it more than we?
We trapped him with our chopper.
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen.
Fight club was the beginning. Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it -- Project Mayhem.
And who will care for me my love, my dark angel, when you are gone?
Please, Captain, not in front of the Klingons.
I don't want to kill you, and you don't want to be dead. Drop your guns.
Sicker than a dog, that's for sure.
`` The wilderness must be explored!
Everybody needs a hobby. Okay, look Page ...
You're going to regret this for the rest of your life. Both seconds of it.
I need this building evacuated and cleared out in ten minutes! I need you to get on the phone and tell the fire department to block off the city center in one mile radius around the building --
To girls with big pairs.
Colonel Brandon!
Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see!
They've found something ... small pieces.
We swears to serve the master of the preciousss. We swears on ... on the precious. Gollum. Gollum.
You solved the box. We came. Now you must come with us. Taste our pleasures.
The first thing I learned on the job, know what it was? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. Put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever is sleeping is your man. If you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest - let your guard down, you follow?
Well, he's either dead or he's alive or the cops got him or they don't.
Look, don't be stupid ...
No, I don't eat live birds. I like my birds dead and deep fried. You ever been to Popeyes?
I was at this party once. I'm on a couch with Sara Mckinney. She was just sitting there, looking beautiful and staring at me. I go to lean in and kiss her and I realize I have gum in my mouth. I turn and take out the gum. Stuff it in my paper cup next to the sofa and turn around. Sara Mckinney throws up all over herself. I knew the second it happened. It was a miracle. I could have been kissing her when she threw up. That would have scarred me for life. I may never have recovered.
-- Whoa. I still got another six hours to pay the money back. You tell those crummy Klane brothers that harassing a man when he's already in the slammer is beneath even them --
When they found Sepe in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff it took them two days to thaw him out for the autopsy.
It's a lock! I hit the seven like John Daly hits a three!
Shabat Shalom, motherfuckers.
He has been sent first to tempt you. But it's not too late. You must push him from you. Expel him. Trample down the perversion of nature.
WE LOST OUR MOM, WE LOST OUR DAD AN'IF I'M LOSING YOU, WELL THAT'S JUST TOO BAD
What can I tell you, Kid? You're right. When you're right, you're right, and you're right.
In a world where the dead are returning to life, the word`trouble'loses much of its meaning. He wants money.
We're lost, aren't we?
So you want me to tell you the story of my life ...
The barrier was not meant to be crossed. The ground is sour.
Let's see if you bleed green.
If you let one stupid prick ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were.
Bugger this for a bunch of bananas.
Number 54 million, six hundred one. Ferndock.
Oh! And then this one time? At band camp? I stuck a flute in my pussy.
Gee ... pretty fancy-shmancy. I guess if you invest your money well over SIXTY centuries you can buy something pretty nice.
I can turn on all the faucets in my house. Even the hose.
I was busted. Set up by the FBI and the DEA. That didn't bother me. Set up by Kevin Dulli and Derek Foreal to save their own asses. That didn't bother me. Sentenced to sixty years at Otisville. That didn't bother me.
Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor?
When I talk about belief, why do you always assume I'm talking about God? W They'll come at you sideways. As he continues, we see:
Fuck the loofah, let's go.
Go ahead, Jesse. Try it on for size!
If you don't shut your fucking mouth I will kill you, are you understanding me?
I must get her out of here -- she must have oxygen.
You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything. Every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me.
Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder?
It's nice to meet you.
Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him, I do pity him.
Son of a building block, it's Woody!
Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.
It occurred to me then, that perhaps the reason for my growth was that I was intended for larger things. After all, a giant man can't have an ordinary-sized life.
Wrong? Everything's wrong! You call this a happy family? Why did we have to have all these kids?
Shiny. Let's be badguys. Mal turns back to River.
I slaughtered this horse last Tuesday;'m afraid she's startin'to turn.
Just for the future, when a woman's crying like that, she's not having any fun!
I hope you heard that. She called me a noble steed. She think I'm a steed.
Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me.
I don't blame you. If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it. Commander Spock.
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gon na do? Muscle Nicky? Nicky was the muscle.
Why can't I be a Meg Ryan movie?
And tell me, Mr. Anderson, what good is a phone call iy you are unable to speak?
... and Bogs never walked again. They transferred him to a minimum security hospital upstate. To my knowledge, he lived out the rest of his days drinking his food through a straw.
Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe in the whole world. Wladyslaw Szpilman. Meet Majorek.
Well, if she calls, just be gentle. Like you're happy to hear from her. You know, like you really miss her. Women love that shit.
You know, these clothes do not flatter you at all. It should be a dress or nothing. I happen to have no dress in my cabin.
Don't be alarmed, ladies and gentlemen. It is perfectly safe. These chains are made of chrome steel!
The man is mean, careless, and stupid. Bad combination in a place like this. Sooner or later, he's gon na get somebody hurt. Or worse.
I thought I would still be in extreme pain but I'm feeling nothing.
I know it's a little early for Christmas, Edward, but I have a present for you.
Don't worry about a sugar planter. Give him a mule and he'll ride to his own funeral.
Have a nice day. Or night. Night, day, it doesn't mean shit.
No! I'll do this with or without your help, sir. But without will take longer.
... Let's keep still back there, lady, or we're gon na have to, ya know, to shoot ya.
Dog eat dog, brother. Dog eat dog.
Oh shit man I never thought I'd get hit, I was ...
There is a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide the people with freedom. And I go to make sure they have it.
He's here, isn't he? Do you think, sir, when he dies he'll go to the dog and cat heaven?
That was exactly what I needed. The royal treatment, so to speak.
It's not my back that's killing me.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
Baby, you take yourself out of the game. You start talking about puppy dogs and ice cream, of course it's gon na be on the friend tip.
They're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you. Their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of what they were capable? Because you see gentlmen, these boys are now fertilizing daffodils. But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you. Go on, lean in.
Go ahead and shoot. You'll be doing me a favor.
That's right. Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
Drink up, young man. It'll make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
- I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false are often reveling. So Monsieur LaPadite, what rumors have you heard regarding The Dreyfusis? The Farmerlooks at Landa.
'T is the season, convict.
Shocking. Did you know the government is wasteful? You heard it here first. Oh, and being a supermodel ... it's no walk in the park.
Dive nine. Here we are again on the deck of Titanic ... two and a half miles down. The pressure is three tons per square inch, enough to crush us like a freight train going over an ant if our hull fails. These windows are nine inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.
... Come in here ... I work here, I don't come in here to be mistreated ...
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
His will to live is very strong.
Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself.
Happy. Happy with a secret.
Come with me if you want to live.
Mola Ram -- you're about to meet Kali -- in Hell!
Intense? Grow up. You think I'll drink it just because you call me chicken.
Sarcasm is the recourse of a weak mind.
OPEN THAT DOOR, YOU SPAWN OF THE DEVIL'S OWN STRUMPET!
You little ass wipe! You knock that off or you're gon na be shitting that basketball! Pardon my French.
I don't know! and lowers his voice Andy ... you need to look inside: Who are you trying to entertain? The audience ... or yourself?
If I let Harry take those chains off you, you gon na be nice?
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
Say, buddy! Who's the most liquid businessman on the street?
We got the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this?
I don't like camels.
Broke into the wrong goddamn rec room, didn't you, you BASTARD!
Have a care with my name, you will wear it out.
'For June, who loved this garden -- from Joseph who always sat beside her.'
What are you - an idiot? You think they asked De Mille to waste his time on nudie shots? No - they respected the film maker, they showed some class! Not that you'd know what that means - you cheap low-life!
Vogons are one of the most unpleasant races in the Galaxy - not evil, but bad- tempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous. They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as fire-lighters.
Heave! Heave like you're being paid for it!
One of those slovenly farmers is probably wearing my tail as a necktie by now.
OW!! That HURT GOD DAMMI-
You're going to meet the most extraordinary men, the sexiest, brightest, funniest men, and you're going to fall in love with so many of them, and you won't know until
Wow! Eighteen years of nuthin'and now, twice in one day. What a place!
Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
Donald, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God ... but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Pour the drink, faggot-ass!
He was conceived during one of our rituals. His mother wasn't my wife, but she shared our beliefs. She was a powerful practitioner. Though not enough to survive giving birth to him.
Here I come, laddies!
Step out of the car please, sir.
Father. You sure she's the Supreme Being?
I think I'll go home - maybe I left my sense of humor in another suit.
`` Welcome ... Home ... Son.'' Where's he been?
Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest?
Die screaming, motherfucker.
My ancestors have ruled Japan for 2,000 years. And for all that time we have slept. During my sleep I have dreamed. I dreamed of a unified Japan. Of a country strong and independent and modern ... And now we are awake. We have railroads and cannon and Western clothing. But we can not forget who we are. Or where we come from.
Last time I saw a pair of jugs that big, two hillbillies were blowing on them.
Lieutenant: Bomb that tree line back about a hundred yards -- give me some room to breathe.
Sydney? Sydney, Congress doesn't take this long to --
Dig. You put'em in the ground, you can take'em out of the ground. Go on.
look like an eighties rock band. The
I stick my neck out for nobody.
You're dead meat, slime bag.
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
What kind of a mother can't stand her son?
He can't fight me. I'm him.
The truth is for suckers, Johnny-Boy.
... and a waitress named Flo. Christ.
Our standards have to be higher than anyone else's, because we are the standard ... for everyone else ...
Well Nathan Jr. accepts me for what I am and I think you better had, too. You know, honey, I'm okay you're okay? That - there's what it is.
Suave. goddam are you suave, you fucker. You want some beer?
If you want to play with animals, Mr. Walsh, join the circus.
Good, now get some sleep - I may wish to have sex again before we eat breakfast.
Whoa, chillax. No feature.
Shite. I was afraid of this. The same thing happened to me when I played Neil Armstrong in `` Moonshot''. They found me in an alley in Burbank re-entering the Earth's atmosphere in an old refrigerator box.
Have you checked the children?
Listen to your parents and teachers. They got a line on most things, so don't treat them like enemies. There's always a chance you could learn something. Try to keep an open mind. Try to understand the viewpoint of others. Consider the minority opinion, but try to get along with the majority opinion once it's accepted. Course Holly and I've had fun, even if it has been rushed, and ... so far we're doing fine. hadn't got caught. Excuse the grammar.
I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke?
There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
`` Dry land is not a myth, I've seen it.'' Kevin Costner from Waterworld. I don't know what the fuss was about, the movie ruled, I saw it six times.
I'm a dead man? I'm a dead man? Guess again, fuck-face. Who's dead? Who's the dead lying rat-fuck? Take another guess, take another fucking guess!
Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
They didn't, they buried him at the foot of Anubis. He was either someone of great importance. Or he did something very naughty.
Mamacita, let me in! Let me in, let me in!
Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
The most important thing in life is family. And there you are. You have my family. What do you want?
From the rock-bound coast of Maine to the Sun .... oh - oh, no -- -- ah - Well, be that as it may. Back where I come from we have universities, seats of great learning -- where men go to become great thinkers. And when they come out, they think deep thoughts -- and with no more brains than you have .... But! They have one thing you haven't got! A diploma!
Get your big butt back in that house!
I'm sorry. I'm a little pregnant right now.
My name is Shosanna Dreyfus, and this is the face of Jewish Vengeance! Marcel,
In the Navy I flew A-6's off carriers ... In combat, events have a duration of seconds, sometimes minutes ... But what you're going through goes on day in and day out. Whether you're ready for it or not, week in, week out ... Month after month after month. Whether you're up or whether you're down. You're assaulted psychologically. You're assaulted financially, which is its own special kind of violence. Because it's directed at your kids ... what school can you afford ... How will that affect their lives. You're asking yourself: Will that limit what they may become? You feel your whole family's future's compromised ... held hostage ... I do know how it is.
Don't be messing with me, Lee. I will kick your ass. I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.
I am the Lizard King I can do anything
Thaaat's right Dude; they pee on your fucking Rug.
That's good. Because I want you to have all the background. This is a very ominous assignment -- with overtones of extreme personal danger. I'm a Doctor of Journalism! This is important, goddamnit! This is a true story! ...
I'm serious. Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple. That's what high school's all about-algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity.
Mrs. Sennett. Thomas J will be all right, my mother will take care of him.
They're not going to give up their home -- they're not gon na make a deal. For what? Lite beer and shopping channel? There's nothing we have that they want. We're a horror to them. We're the monsters from space.
That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin ten years, and takin out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either. What the fuck was Joe thinkin? You can't work with a guy like that. That mother- fucker's unstable. What do you think? Do you think he panicked, or ya think he's just trigger- happy?
Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it ...
I'm going to show you why we insist on such precautions ... On the afternoon of July 8, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse bent over him, he did this to her ...
Sherman, I'm from the South and I'm beginning not to like this very much.
I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer.
I know you're trying to be all mystical and kung fu-y, but could you at least tell me where we're going?
We are not here to solve the `` Case of the Dead Scumbag''. We are here to nail Costello.
I am La Longue Carabine! My death is a great honor to the Huron. Take me!
Don't worry, son. Those Yankee boys keep store hours. They ain't open yet.
Merrick. You made a joke. Are you okay, I mean, do you want to lie down? I know it hurts the first time.
It ended with a chair.
Just because you can't see it. Doesn't. Mean. It's gone.
What was that? Did you just pick up a case? Did we just take another damn case on my vacation?
You're losing your eye. You used to be able to pitch better than that. Hello ... Yeah ... What? Sweeney? Well, what can I do for you?
Sure, it's big enough, but look at the location.
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
Looks a little like our house doesn't it?
Think of it! In times like these.
- in Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo - Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance ... In Switzerland, they had brotherly love. They had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? ... The cuckoo clock. So long, Holly.
No ... ... I don't get this place. They make me buy an outfit but they let you wear a house dress. I don't get it.
Now look! I've gone and caught a sniffle.
As a girl, you see the world like a giant candy store, filled with sweet candy and such. But one day you look around and see a prison and you're on death row. You wan na run, or scream or cry. But something's locking you up. Are the other folks cows, chewing cud till the hour come and their heads roll? Or are they just keeping quiet, like you ... Planning their escape?
You can't cheat destiny. I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die.
What if this is as good as it gets?
Proposing?! Elle, If I'm going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a -- Marilyn.
Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
Yes! I think that's right! ... I think they all want that. Even the scary ones ...
Ladies and Gentlemen and invited Tran gendered species ... In my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites I have discovered it is traditional to present the `` happy couple'' with a gift. Given Commander Riker's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation.
You know women, mate. Like monkeys, they are. Won't let go of one branch til they've got a grip on the next ... get it, Nyah. I'll cover you.
God saw to it to put you in my path. And I aim to cure ya of your wickedness.
He even signs them, in his own name, can you believe it? I'd sign someone else's name. I'd sign his name. If I wrote them, that is. Which I don't.
Authorization? How about the United States Fucking Government? Lose the grid or lose your job!
You didn't know your mother at all if you think someone like me would've ever stood a chance with someone like her. That just goes to show you how stupid this town is -- that they'd believe she slept with me. That'd make Charlie laugh. Your old man was my best friend. He used to call me'Egg-head'-- hell, everybody did. And back then everybody knew that Egg-head Abbott didn't stand a snowball's chance in hell with Helen Riley. Of course, that was all before I became Lloyd Abbott -- Mr. Abbott. That was back when I still had chicken shit on my shoes and twelve cents in my pocket. Charlie Holt was the only one good enough for Helen. I used to spy on'em -- yup, I did. Used to watch them sit on the front porch of her house -- your house -- and watch'em talk.
It was all that Dan Marino's fault, everyone knows that. If he had held the ball laces out, like you're supposed to, Ray would never have missed that kick. Dan Marino should die of Gonorrhea and rot in Hell. Would you like a cookie, son? Ace takes a cookie. Holding it up.
Wild thing, You make my heart sing, You walk everything.
How much can a man give to his country?
To whatever end Where is the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? They have passed like rain on the mountains. Like wind in the meadow. The days have gone down in the west. Behind the hills, into shadow. How did it come to this?
Here's to the pencil pushers. May they all get lead poisoning.
Ah. Listen, what might be better is if you just bill me for the flowers. I'm sure it'll be okay with your boss. Well, I don't know if you recognize my voice, but this is the President. The United States. Hello, hello ...
I'm kind of lonely these days.
What are you, Mr. Driscoll, a lion or a chimpanzee?
I'm sorry I ruined your New Year's Eve party, Lieutenant Dan. She tastes like cigarettes.
We all have occasional failures. Fortunately, Dr. Watson never writes about mine.
Sky people can not learn. You do not See.
Years of Academy training ... wasted!!
I got right in everyone's hostile little face. Yes, these are bruises from fighting. I'm comfortable with them. I am enlightened.
We who are about to die salute you.
Don't dream and drive!
Someone called for a doctor?
Presidents don't threaten. They don't have to. Good day, gentlemen.
And if I were you I'd be a little nervous about firing an employee I just had an affair with. OK?
If this in all a dream, why can't there be more girls?
This son of a bitch is throwing a two hit shutout and he's shaking me off?! Hey Charlie, here comes the deuce.
Now all we need is a skin.
Shana, they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let'em crash!
There's only one person in the world to decide what I'm going to do - and that's me. And if you think - if any of you think -
I could calculate your chances of survival -- but you won't like it.
The tree lights up, I press the button ... No wait, I press the button and --
You brought a snack.
Next time, learn how to work the safety with your punk ass. Now where's my no good, no back-up partner?
I know he blew up at Fugi, but this kid is flat out magic!
He was never a `` person!'' He was a journalist!
But I tried. Goddammit, I sure as hell did that much. Didn't I?
I have something called Osteogenesis Imperfecta. It's a genetic disorder. I don't make this particular type of protein very well and it makes my bones very low in density, very easy to break. I've had fifty-four breaks in my life. I have the tamest version of the disorder ... Type one. There are type two, type three, and type four. Type four's don't make it very long ... That ends our lecture on the medical anomaly known as Elijah Price.
What's the matter with you?
I'll tell you in another life ... when we are both cats. David looks at her. His eyes flash at her choice of words. Perhaps there is hope. Sofia stares at. him, worried about his sanity as he goes overboard with his praise of her turn of a phrase. Push into close-ups as they struggle to deal with the discomfort of this moment.
Try not to rip his clothes off'em they're new.
Oh, you poor sad multimillionaire. I feel so sorry for you.
How did you pass the bar exam in Louisiana?
Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both. And all the while I thought, Lestat, we deserve your vengeance. You gave me the dark gift. And I delivered you into the hands of death for the second time.
Where ever she is, that little girl is in mortal danger.
Don't remember our names ... But I`member my true mommy ...
Of all the words my Father wrote and there were many, I remember these the most. `` Nothing that results from human progress is achieved with unanimous consent ...''
You milk-suckers! You don't matter! In a few seconds you won't even be matter!
Now you just listen to me. I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how. And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him. He's going to find out the world is a horrible place and that people suck soon enough, and without any help from you. Believe me!
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
I'm the only one here who does believe. You say he's mysterious, yet merciful. I see him for the power- drunk madman He is. And we're supposed to worship such a Deity?? I say Never! I say ... fight him. I say --
And remember, gentlemen, we're always here, two to two, A.M. to P.M., three hundred and sixty-four days and Christmas, God willing and the creek don't rise ...
Tonight, my dear Maxwell, I am ready to try my experi- ment on a human.
Death is peaceful. Easy.
I didn't know you were funny.
Is something killing your kids? Find out tonight at eleven.
Nothing personal, sport.
Beautiful .... beautiful butterfly ...
Not bad. No bad at all. Well-chosen briefs, I'd say. Chicks love grey. Mmmmm. Nice firm buttocks.
Now you know. If you have an appointment elsewhere -- I'll excuse you.
So I'm gon na give you a little somethin you can't take off.
That ain't no woman! It's a man, man. It's one of Dr. Evil's assassins.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
Ah, ya got Arbie's allo'er me.
What's he doin'? He knows all those guys he yelled at are friends of ours. What's the matter with him, making all this mess?
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
It's Kryptonite Superman! A little souvenir from your home town! You see I've spared no expense in making you feel right at home here!
I just realized I've never killed anyone before. I mean, I dropped bombs on Baghdad, but never face to face.
I can't believe you're out here. I'm giddy. I feel like a child whose best friend has strict Chinese parents who never let him come out and play but now his Chinese parents are away for the Chinese New Year. You have any interest in pounding this shit?
Follow that ape!
Yeah, I'm gon na make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gon na make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work.
Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
You boys better bury old Ned right ... and you better not carve up nor otherwise harm no whores ... or I will come back an'kill more sonsabitches, hear?
So ... what do you want? An extension?
Do you see any family resemblance here?
Ah, hi. My name is Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss. You are ...
Long live the fighters!
Alright You're bigger than Jason or Freddie now! Only you're a real person!
DON'T touch me. Just get away from me. Go!
Primenumbers. I can't believe I didn't see it before.
I grew up in this town. People used to walk tall in this town, they wouldn't have traded the mill for a crooked casino.
Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean you have the power to run the rest of us! For twenty- three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you! And now -- well, being a Christian woman, I can't say it!
Excuse me, guy?! My name is Ace Ventura, I'm a pet detective. I'd like to ask you a few questions if I could. No one even looks at him.
Data, data, data! I can not make bricks without clay!
You think a first class girl can't drink?
And he saw that it was good.
Don't hurt me Arch, I'm only little.
Even his hands are oily.
Logan! You renewed!
It takes backbone to lead the life you want, Frank.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Let Jesus fuck you! Let him fuck you!!!
Let's see, do I spend my last night on Earth watching Mom and Dad pretend not to be fighting again or get in ten years of making-out at the mall ... you do the math.
This has most definitely stopped being funny. Now cut it out!
My God. You were his mother.
Tell me something, David. Do you believe in God? Sweet pop music swells. She bursts the barrier of the winding road, and the car sails into an embankment of a road below. All sound disappears, as we hear a new kind of music. Ethereal, almost wondrous. This music continues.
After all, Potter, some people like George had to stay home. Not every heel was in Germany and Japan!
In just a few hours you can be assured of going down in history as the typhoid Mary of Oz.G'day.
Too bad! We'll miss the third act. They're going to play it off stage.
Look, I know you kinda hold me up as your career template and it gives you some anal charge to challenge me but you win. Okay? I'm not interested in the scoop anymore. Excuse me.
You stop right there, you son of a bitch. I don't care what kinda leprosy you got. We need to find that girl. Now you can make this peaceful, or you can make it hard.
Death is a worry of the living. The dead only worry about decay and necrophiliacs.
I understand you're a man who knows how to get things.
You ... can't bury Shelly. She's a friend of ours isn't she?
Sixty knots? No way, Barnes ... the reds don't have anything that fast.
Dig it, Ms. Wade. You're the President's girlfriend.
Amen to that. It's been a crazy day, hasn't it?!
How was everything today?
I don't want to talk to you, no more, you empty-headed animal, food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. You mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
I don't know about'what happened,'Vi, because once you start writing, it all becomes fiction. Still, it certainly is an improvement over your last story: There is now at least a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Greatness is overrated.
What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my ...
Y'all are trespassin', now. Illegally.'Round these parts, we don't take kindly to cider poachers. Fox and Rat stare at each other. Fox says, finally:
If you're dealing with someone who's crushed, stabbed, shot and detonated five members of his own IMF team, how devastated do you think you're going to make him by marching Ma and Uncle Donald down to the county courthouse?
On a mountain of skulls in a castle of pain, I sat on a throne of blood. What was will be, what is will be no more. Now is the season of evil. Find me a child that I might live again.
BLINDED BY ROMANCE AND BLINDED BY SCIENCE YOUR CONDITION IS CRITICALLY GRAVE BUT DON'T EXPECT MERCY FROM SUCH AN ALLIANCE SUSPICION OF TRADITION SO NEW WAVE YOU NEED A BIT OF... OOOH SHOCK TREATMENT GETS
It is amazing to witness which two people love chooses to unite. It follows no rules.
Finished playing with yourself, Lenny?
Calm down, Evan. She likes you. She wants to suck on your penis. That's a good thing.
They saw where I jumped! I didn't chicken! What do I have to do -- kill myself?
Once more into the breach, dear friends, once more. Or close the wall with our dead. In peace nothing so becomes a man as modesty and humility. But when the blast of war blows in our ears, then imitate the action of the tiger.
That piece is entitled `` Mirror/Father/Mirror.'' I like to show it to people I'm meeting for the first time because it says so much about who I am and what it feels like to inhabit my specific skin. And this is exactly what I'm hoping to get from each of you over the course of this Summer: a picture of your own self-exploration. My own background is in video and performance art, but I'm hoping that doesn't influence you and that you'll find your own ways of externalizing the internal. At the end of the Summer, this class has been invited, along with several others in the area, to participate in a show of High-School art at the Neighborhood Activity Center. The title of the show will be `` Brotherhood and Community: Art as Dialogue.'' I think the `` Brotherhood'' theme ties in nicely with the theme of self-discovery that I'd like to emphasize in this class. Are there any questions so far? Great ...
Your mother sucks cocks in hell Karras, you faithless slime!
You can't be a proper writer without a touch of madness, can you?
Would you like a closer look?
Oh my, what a terrible accident!
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
We all come into this world with our little egos equipped with individual horns. If we don't blow them - who will?
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience.
Hey mister! I don't mean to be tellin'tales out a school, but there's a man in there hands out ten dollars to anyone sings into his can!
Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families, David.
Thirty years I've been asking permission to piss. I can't squeeze a drop without say-so.
Except for their humping, Tyler and Marla were never in the same room.
All right, Miss Kubelik -- get up. It's past checking-out time, and the hotel management would appreciate it if you would get the hell out of here. Look, Miss Kubelik, I used to like you -- I used to like you a lot -- but it's all over between us -- so beat it -- O-U-T -- out! Come on -- wake up!
I love Patricia. Patricia's amazing. Patricia makes coffee nervous. Are we still on schedule?
I lied. The House is alive and we're all gon na die.
Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC is'Peace is our Profession.'God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange. But if launched, those missiles in Cuba would kill a lot of Americans. That's why I'm being such a pain in the ass about destroying them. Destroying them immediately. Hell, even Mac agrees.
Not bad. Usually it's painted cardboard boxes in a garage.
You're probably just having a mid- life crisis. Did you buy a Porche?
We will destroy your four pillars ... brand your preferiti and sacrifice them on the altars of science ... and then bring your church down upon you. Vatican City will be consumed by light.
Hello, Clear. I've been keeping an eye out for you.
Do? Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood!
The rock and pool is nice and cool, so juicy sweet! I only wish to catch a fish, so juicy sweet!
Not ham -- Wham! If you ain't eatin'Wham, you ain't eatin'ham!
You work with your hands, don't you?
A remarkable woman. The most beautiful I've ever known. And the deadliest. Which would explain my attraction. How is our young daredevil holding up?
There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it -- always ... When you are in doubt that that is God's way, the way the world is meant to be ... think of that.
You know, I musta done something right in a previous life. Don't know what that coulda been ...
There's no way Brooke could've done this - - exercise gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy -- happy people don't kill their husbands!
You got goddamn tweety-birds flutterin'around your head, that's what you got. You think you're gon na fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after? Oh, man.
Tyler sold the soap to department stores at twenty bucks a Ear. God knows what they charged. How ironic. We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them.
A little child she was, but also a fierce killer, now capable of the ruthless pursuit of blood with all a child's demanding.
You're thirty seconds late. I was about to send out a search party ... Danny ...
No use, Schulz. You might as well come clean. Why don't you just tell'em it's me. Because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler. And after the Germans win the war you'll make me the Gauleiter of Zinzinnati.
I offer you my body and you offer me semantics? He's just a boyfriend, Dante, and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio, I'm about to become single again.
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
It don't have the muzzle velocity of some other drinks drunk around here, but it's good for what ails you.
When I was little we find a man -- -- like a butcher. The old ones in the village cross themselves and whisper crazy things.'Demonio, cazador de trofoes ... Only the hottest times of the hottest years ...'Crazy things ... This year is grows hot. And we begin finding our men. We find them sometimes without their skin. Sometimes ... much, much worse. Cazador de trofoes ... means the demon who takes trophies.
Use the combos and keep the feet light ...
No wonder you're upset. She's lovely. And a darling figure. Supple, pouting breasts. Firm thighs. It's a shame you're not getting along.
Don't underestimate yourself. You're the best, Tony.
We had to hear it from his own lips -
I'm not letting go of him.
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue.
Hey, look what I'm not cleaning up. She sets the groceries down on the counter and pulls out a gallon of milk. She opens the refrigerator. She does a double take. The entire top shelf is jammed with cardboard cartons of orange juice. From outside, the CRUNCHING sound comes again. She follows the muddy footprints out the kitchen door.
You're not exactly Mr Current Affairs, are you Tommy? Mad Fist went mad, and the `` Gun'' shot himself.
Tell him you love him. With all your heart.
We just keep running into each other, don't we,
She's only a ship, mate.
'cause I'm the poet and you're my muse
Red, I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
Shit, he's killing himself!
That's cuz you think of it as transportation, Boone. Think of it as bragging rights. Think of yourself sitting around the bar crowing to your buddies about the Cadillac you won off Tin Cup McAvoy. They'll forget all about the Winnebago you lost to me.
Giulia is like Oscar Wilde; give her the superfluous and she will do without the essential.
That guy has been stoned since the third grade.
Stay away from me! You stay away from me!
You're a creature of the night, Michael! Just like the comic book ... You're a vampire, Michael! My own brother -- a godamn shit-sucking vampire! Wait'll Mom finds out!
Jesus. I feel like we've caught the Jap carriers steaming for Pearl Harbor.
Explain this to me like I'm a six year old, okay? The entire street is clear except for one small area under construction, with a huge hole that is clearly marked and blocked off, and you decide you must cross the street at this spot. You fall into the hole and you want to sue the city for negligence? ...
Yessir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
Where are all the white people?
How about a little fire, Scarecrow?
Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
Donkey, two things, okay? Shut ... up. Now go over there and see if you can find any stairs.
Great, another asshole with a fetish for Asian girls. God, it gets so old.
But in the end all that counts, is: Who's holding the umbrella?
Mommy's going to the beauty parlor, darling. But I'm leaving you with your favorite friend, Roger. He's going to take very, very good care of you ... ... cause if he doesn't, he's going back to the science lab!
This is not an easy job. I get a call from Shirley on the radio: Bad News. It's never good news. She tries to be cheerful, tries to say something nice, but uh-huh, it's just Bad News. And It Stinks. But this is my job. And I Love It. Because I want to do well. In this life and in this world I want to do well. And I want to help people. And I may get twenty bad calls a day. But one time I help someone, I Make A Save? I correct a wrong or right a situation; Then I'm a happy cop. And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good.
That was a launch problem, not a design problem. Why are you wearing that toy on your head?
Look at him. Perverse as a pink pickle.
Do you know ... what the most frightening thing in the world is? ...
You should put her on a leash, Agent Man. If you can't handle her, just say the word.
Did you ever pick your teeth up with broken fingers?
Listen. Understand. That Terminator is out there. It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with ... it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear ... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are dead.
Anybody touches me ... we go.
So just then, the sea cucumber looks over to the mollusk and says:'with fronds like these, who needs anemones?'!
Sebastian: Are you sure about this? Scuttle: Have I ever been wrong? I mean when it's important! Flounder: What are we gon na do!? Ursula:... Before the sun sets on the third day.... Sebastion: Ariel, grab on to that. Flounder, get her to that boat as fast as Flounder: I'll try. Sebastian: I've got ta get to the sea king. He must know about this. Scuttle: What - What about me? What about ME? Sebastian: You - find a way to STALL THAT WEDDING! Scuttle: Stall the wedding. Wh- what am I - what - that's it! Priest: Dearly beloved... Flounder: Don't worry Ariel. ugh - we - we're gon na make it. We're almost Priest: Yes, um, do you Eric, take Vanessa, to be your lawfully wedded wife, Eric: I do. Priest: Eh, and do you... Vanessa: Get away from me you slimy little- Oh, why you little- Eric: Ariel? Ariel: Eric. Eric: You - you can talk. You're the one. Vanessa: Eric, get away from her! Eric: It - it was you all the time. Ariel: Oh, Eric, I - I wanted to tell you. Vanessa: ERIC NO! Ursula: You're too late! You're too late! So long, loverboy. Eric: Ariel! Ursula: Poor little princess - it's not you I'm after. I've a much bigger fish Triton: Ursula, stop! Ursula: Why, King Triton! Ha ha ha - How ARE you? Triton: Let her go. Ursula: Not a chance, Triton! She's mine now. We made a deal. Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry! I - I - I didn't mean to. I didn't know - Ursula: You see? The contract's legal, binding and completely unbreakable - Grimsby: Eric! What are you doing? Eric: Grim, I lost her once. I'm not going to lose her again. Ursula: Now! Do we have a deal? Ha! It's done then. Ariel: No... Oh, No! Sebastion: Oh, your majesty... Ariel: Daddy?... Ursula: At last, it's mine. Ho, Ho... Ariel: You - You monster! Ursula: Don't fool with me you little brat! Contract or no- AAAAHH! Ariel: Eric! Eric look out! Ursula: After him! Sebastion: Come on!... Ursula: Say goodbye to your sweetheart. Ariel: Eric, you've got to get away from here. Eric: No, I won't leave you. Ursula: You pitiful, insignificant, fool! Eric: Look out! Ursula: Now I am the ruler of all the ocean! The waves obey my every whim! Ariel: ERIC! Ursula: So much for true love! Triton: She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian? Sebastian: Well, it's like I always say, Your Majesty. Children got to be free Triton: You - always say that? Then I guess there's just one problem Sebastian: And what's that, Your Majesty? Triton: How much I'm going to miss her. Sebastion: Yes, Thank you, thank you. Ariel: I love you Daddy. All: Now we can walk,
Do you know what this is? It's the world's smallest violin, playing just for the waitresses.
Yes ... Comrade Cazabine? No, I'm sorry ... he hasn't been with us for six months. He was called back to Russia and was investigated. You can get further details from his widow.
No one would have believed in the early years of the21st century, that our world was being watched by intelligences greater than our own. That as men busied themselves about their various concerns, they observed and studied. Like the way a man with a microscope might scrutinize the creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to and fro about the globe, confident of our empire over this world. Yet, across the gulf of space, intellects, vast and cool and unsympathetic regarded our plant with envious eyes. And slowly and surely, drew their plans against us.
Louise ... no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
Repo man's always intense. Come on let's go get a drink.
Some of us look down on the Yanks for not yet joining this war. I'd just like to say that if there are many more back home like you, God help anyone who goes to war with America.
Prepare to receive the Lord.
You know I don't like to wear any underwear, don't you, Nick?
Look, let me explain something. I'm not Mr. Lebowski; you're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or Duder. His Dudeness. Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing --
I am the shadow on the moon at night Filling your dreams to the brim with fright
Put your seat belt on boy! I don't ride with anybody unless they wear their seatbelt. It's one of my rules.
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
Mildred -- he's at it again.
He was a kind little man in his way and I made him go down that hall into the darkness. I made him do it.
We're the CIA, something always goes wrong.
What's wrong with you, David? All you have to do is say, Excuse me, I've been sitting here since the start of the Millennium and I'd really like some action from you before the end of the world. I'll go.
Without hope there's no point to anything.
Wait a minute ... I just lit a rocket. Rockets explo --
And to being here, with my best friends in the world. There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
You're just as crazy as your mama. Goes to show it's in the genes! Do you have any idea what you're getting into, my man? You think Jack Ruby just up and died of cancer in four weeks after he gets a retrial? That's some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's a `` going out of business cancer''. You got the right ta-ta, but the wrong ho-ho. The government's gon na jump all over your head, Jimbo, and go `` cock-a-doodledoo!''
Have you ever been on television?
I see you bash the prisoner once more and I'll put those shackles on you ...
My wheels - My God, I can't move my wheels.
Over at the Frankenstein place.
Vice? Virtue? It's best not to be too moral. You cheat yourself out of too much life. Aim above morality. As Confucius says, `` Don't simply be good. Make good things happen.''
The irezumi does not hide the skin, the tattoo reveals the nature of the man and illuminates the four noble professions in the Book of Five Rings: the Warrior, the Artist, the Merchant, and the farmer. If there is a conflict between the needle and the skin, between the mark and the man, then perhaps the path you have chosen is not the path for which you are suited.
... De profundis clamo ad te domine.
A blockbuster. But quality. No mutants or maniacs. This one's gon na be my Driving Miss Daisy.
For ... he is the Kwisatz Haderach!
I found a broken gasket, from space --
`` SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER, A Gay Romp with Adolph and Eva in Berchtesgarten.'' Fantastic!
Norman, this isn't about you. This is something that's happening to me. It's not to get even ... and it's not some warped bid for attention. Some strange things are happening in our house, whether you believe in them or not ...
I hope you're proud of yourself.
You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny.
You fucking prick, we had a deal -- you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture. You crossed the line, man.
Under tremendous public pressure, and the crushing financial burden of an ever mounting series of lawsuits, the government quietly initiated the superhero relocation program. The supers will be granted amnesty from responsibility for past actions, in exchange for the promise to never again resume hero work. Where are they now? They are living among us. Average citizens, average heroes. Quietly and anonymously continuing to make the world a better place.
I'll start with Nemo, then work my way up the food chain. Where is he?
Yes, hello, I need to procure a hasty abortion? ... What was that? I'm sorry, I'm on my hamburger phone and it's kind of awkward to talk on. It's really more of a novelty than a functional appliance.
Because I look upon a woman as a whole.
Why be afraid of tomorrow? Today's all we have, and all we know.
Jesus Christ. What happened?
Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
Roger me. Wilco me. Anything? Hello. Hello Earth.
Hello, I'm Harvey Milk, and I'm here to recruit you.
In Richard Nixon's long history of underhanded dealings, he has never gotten better value for his money. If I were to open my mouth, all the dominoes would fall.
Dogs fucked the Pope, no fault of mine. Watch out! ... Why money? My name is Brinks; I was born ... Born?
Somebody was in your head, with big steel- toe boots, a couple of cable cutters and a chainsaw, and they went to town! Neurons got wasted, circuits rewired, brain cells obliterated --
Yeah. Give yourself a hand right across your fuckin'mouth.
... who wouldn't take it any more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth. Here is ...
The secret, Skip, is this -- I am not now, nor have I ever been ... a psychologist.
Ash, that was pure, wild animal craziness. You're an athlete. Ash swallows. He beams. He sits up straighter.
You have reached the Coughlin Bros. Mortuary. We are unable to come to the phone right now but if you'll leave your name and number ...
Is it future? Or is it past? ... Do you know who I am? ... I am the Arm ... And I sound like this ...
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin'a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
Norville Barnes, you don't know a thing about that woman! You don't know who she really is! And only a numbskull thinks he knows things about things he knows nothing about!
Buddy, I hate to break it to you, but in the real world ... where I live ... there're only two kindsa love stories. Boy loses girl and girl loses boy. That's all there is. Somebody always gets left behind. You try to avoid that, you'll end up an old man toastin'yourself with egg nog in the mirror on Christmas Eve. You'll end up dying in your own arms.
I think it's actually easier for me to be disappointed. I think I'm actually angry at you for trying to take that away.
You talk to me like that! Big Clyde Barrow, just the same as your brother, an ignorant uneducated hillbilly. Only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about lovemakin'-- which is no love makin'at all.
I get the general idea. She was a tramp from a long line of tramps.
Nigger, I eat everything. I eat pussy. I eat the butt. I eat every motherfuckin'thang.
Come back! You bitch!
Who disturbs my slumber?
Who designed these costumes? Who designed these costumes? It looks like Edith Head puked and that puke designed these costumes. Get Madge.
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.
Is that what you're worried about? Looking bad at the PTA?
Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college ...
The word was out. The bosses had had enough of Nicky. They had enough. How much were they gon na take? So, they made an example of him and his brother. They buried them while they were still breathing.
`` I guarantee that we'll have tough times. I guarantee that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart -- you're the only one for me''.
Oh and by the way, I bought another Sonic Youth album and it's the worst thing I've ever heard! It's just noise, man!
You don't fight a junkyard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is take the leash off your own, bigger, meaner dog.
They got X-ray pictures of it. It's the size of a lemon, they said, and way down deep inside where they can't operate. They say she'll be dead by Christmas. I haven't told her. I can't think how. For the life of me, Paul, I can't think how to tell my wife she's going to die.
Forget holding her hand. Picture the damage he could do other places.
Alright. Whatcha got? You got nothing cause I got it right here. You picking on my friends? Get ready to feel the thunder. I'm comin'at him with the crazy feet. Whatcha gon na do about my crazy feet? I'm a blur. I'm a blur. You never seen bear style, you only seen praying Mantis! OR ... I could come at you Monkey style. OR ... I'm comin'at ya snikity-snake.
No one will surrender tonight. But I won't give in. I know what I want.
Ox! Where is thy yoke!?
She's making playlists. Likes to listen to MP3s when she hunts. Her own internal soundtrack, you know? Dark-core, trip hop, whatever kids these days are listening to. Me? I'm more of a Kenny G fan.
Jesus. Can't you people keep anything locked up?
Don't tell me. You've come to read my trousers.
You call this archaeology?
Now don't kid a kidder.
Listen. If that guy lays an egg. I want to get something out of it. I'm getting a Jane Doe ready!
Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think of me? That I would fuck with your happiness? That hurts.
The last struggle for constitutional rights is being waged over drugs ...
Then a dryness in the throat. As the virus penetrates the red blood cells the victim becomes dizzy and begins to experience a rash and itching. From there the poison works its way into the central nervous system causing severe muscle spasms, followed by the inevitable drooling. At this point, the entire digestive system is rendered useless, causing the complete collapse of the lower bowels, accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence ... until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering, wasted piece of jelly.
Tear down all the fences. Why, if you tore one picket off of your neighbor's fence he'd sue you!
We realised why Deborah and I have such extraordinary telepathy and why people treat us and look at us the way they do. It is because we are MAD. We are both stark raving MAD!
I could like kill a guy with these things.
Better than sex, Rents, better than sex. The ultimate hit. I'm a fucking adult. I'll find out for myself. Well, I've found out all right.
I expect the best, but I give the best. Habve some fun. That's an order!
Mace ... no disrespect ... but you run this on the 11o'clock news, by midnight you got the biggest riot in history. They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.
It's been 84 years ... and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in.
Is that you in that beautiful car? Geez, what a waste of machinery.
I don't know what the hell's in there, but it's weird and pissed off, whatever it is.
Last time I leave you in charge.
If he's ready to lay a dragon in its grave, he's got nothing to fear from me. I've no more love for that creature than you lot. Nor has the King. But, before you stir things up, don't you think it a good idea to see you've got the right man for the job?
Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco on that potato, I'm gon na kick your monkey ass.
I think I got an idea for a movie.
Why? They're only noodles.
Yes!! Starting defense. Place at the table. Whooo!! Yes!!
Well, I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waitin'on people almost twenty years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is about the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits, ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I got ta start all over again, but I got nothin to start over with. I'll be stuck with whatever I can get. And that scares me more than Ordell.
He's sex-obsessed, the older generation are leading this country to galloping ruin.
Don't get confused, Tony. I don't fuck around with the help,
Killed a man with a sword?
Sooner or later everyone needs a haircut ...
That's okay, you ... we-we can walk to the curb from here.
You know, I had a pretty good time tonight.
being who he wasn't, could be as he wished to be. Oh
Can I borrow your mother? My aunt is coming over to dinner tonight and she's always on my nerves.
You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it. Wish I coulda seen that.
Do you want to die here?
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
I will sell this house today.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
`` A faithful heart makes wishes come true.''
Listen, I wan na say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian!
That's good shit. Huh, Miroki?
... Here last week they found this couple out in California they would rent out rooms to old people and then kill em and bury em in the yard and cash their social security checks. They'd torture em first, I don't know why. Maybe their television set was broke. And this went on until, and here I quote ...
What if I was to tell you I wasn't getting older -- I was getting younger than everybody else ...
Free cable is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
I can't take this anymore. He forgets simple lines. He forgets where to stand. We tell him and tell him and tell him. I know he's a sweet man. I love Peter. It's not his fault. But I've never worked in a show where the leading man has
Space ... the final frontier. These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission ... to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life forms, and new civilizations ... To boldly go, where no one has gone ... before ...
Oh, there is just one more thing, Lieutenant. This man is Roger Podacter's neighbor. He lives across the hall. He said he heard a scream, is that right, sir? The neighbor nods. Ace turns to the apartment manager.
- Pike, I wouldn? t have it no other -way aither.
Hey, there Boris. What would you say if I told you that your pinko, commie mother sucked so much dick ...
One with strong roots in a community like Mount Rose, a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
Have you listened to his morning show, `` Wake up with ballplayer''?
You work hard not to be seen as a sex object. Before long, you're not seen at all.
I told you that restraining order was a good idea.
Gage? Are you the one playing games?
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Well, make sure you can handle rejection. I can't. For me, expectation just turns to disappointment. So, ultimately I'd rather not try. It'll all go black for us soon enough anyway.
I declare you are the loveliest girl I ever set eyes on! Can not you get them married, Mrs Dashwood? You must not leave it too long!
And I think certain older persons like you and your `` colleague'' shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant. And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
Well isn't this adorable. The actors have decided to play war with me ...
A gay candidate against a gay candidate. It's unfortunate.
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does, helping like ... here and there, as it might be.
No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext.
I don't think I'll ever dry out.
I've been saving this money for a divorce, if ever I get a husband.
Just like the first time I was here. We were talking about automobile insurance. Only you were thinking about murder. And I was thinking about that anklet.
Thank-you very fucking much, Mr. Mason, you've led us to a room with no exit.
Wrong. Hey. Luke Skywalker. Use the Force.
Wow! That was an incredibly daring escape! You must see that a lot, hunh?
When I was a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I'd go to sleep and he'd say to me, Percy, if you don't wake up tomorrow, if it turns out that today was your last day on earth, would you be proud of what you've done in this life? Cuz if you ain't, then you better start gettin'square.
I'd give everything for a drag. Just one drag.
Removed surgically before embryo implantation. Subject: Marachuk, John L. Died during procedure. They killed him getting it off.
Don't ever fuck with me like that again.
Mighty nice little town, Albany. They've got the State Capitol there, you know.
Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here!
In the words of the late, great Nat King Fucking Cole,`Unforeseeable, that's what you are ..'
What a death! What a chance! What a surprise! My will has chosen life!? Still it has had me spooked and many others besides!
War, yes It affects us all. But you must understand, young hobbit. It takes a loong time to say anything in ooold Entish. And we never say anything unless it is worth taking a looong time to say.
Bud I like you, just remember something. Man looks in the abyss, there's nothing staring back at him. At that time a man finds his character -- and that is what keeps him out of the abyss ...
Think about it, Fink. Writers come and go; we always need Indians.
Now you're talking to me, baby!
I've done the slut thing, David. It's really kinda old.
Sam, get some sleep. You're very tired.
Put the pick in there Pete And turn it round real neat.
Well, I'm glad to hear that. Listen, I've been fatally poisoned, there's probably a psychopath heading over there to torture and kill you as we speak, but don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be there in a flash ... Maybe you could fry me up a waffle or something, kay?
That's all I have to say about that.
Say, buddy ... did you see a real bright light?
... alot of people think this is just a job that you go to ..... take a lunch hour, the jobs over, something like that. But ... it's a 24 hour deal ... no two ways about it .... and what most people don't see: Just How Hard It Is To Do The Right Thing. People think if I make a judgment call that it's a judgment on them ... but that's not what I do and that's not what should be done ... I have to take everything and play it as it lays. Sometimes people need a little help. Sometimes people need to be forgiven and sometimes they need to go to jail. And that's a very tricky thing on my part ... making that call ... the law is the law and heck if I'm gon na break it ... but you can forgive someone ....? Well, that's the tough part .... What Do We Forgive? Tough part of the job ..... tough part of walking down the street ...
She doesn't want the chocolate!
Joey, have you ever been in a Turkish prison?
I am Jack's Raging Bile Duct.
Well if there's one chick'd know when you're pulling your hips out early, Annie's the one.
top! Stop! Turn back, we have to turn back!
Hey look, it's the pants.
Hey! Get me! I'm giving out wings!
Y'all picked the wrong day not to use the ATM. You will not be harmed if you do exactly what I say, when I say it. You
Get a dictionary and find out what this'closure'is. If that's what he's hitting us with, I want to know what the hell it is.
This night, the land will be stained with the blood of Rohan! March to Helms Deep! Leave none alive!
... why don't you go close that door. We'll get the prom queen -- impregnated!
Consult your doctor before using this product. Side effects may include oily discharge, dizziness, hives, loss of appetite, difficulty breathing and low blood pressure. If you have diabetes or a history of kidney trouble ... you're fucked!
No! I don't want Fop! Goddamnit - I use Dapper Dan!
You were great in your day, Superman. But When the time came to cash in your chips, Lex Luthor was just naturally your banker! Mind ...
Out of options, Max. Take comfort in knowing you never had a choice.
Wipe you face before you stand up, Dean.
Abdul? Mohammed? Bob?
Christ on a bendy-bus, Simon, stop being such a faffing fuck-arse.
And the murderer is right here in this room tonight ... he's sitting at this table. You may serve the fish.
Thank you, for summing that up. They reach the doorway.
There comes a point where a reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit he's made a terrible mistake. The truth is, I was never a reasonable man.
You'll wind up a Hindu. Respecting all forms of life -- however small ...
Time to feel the need for speed, Dickweed!
Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast!
As always, should you or any member of your IM force be caught or killed, the Secretary will disavow all knowledge of your actions. This tape will self- destruct in five seconds. Good luck, Jim!
Lady, every Black man you lay eyes on ain't a dope dealer.
Can I play too? Or is it just for boys?
Hub ... I think we're all eager to give up our weekends on this. It just occurs to me, has anybody even committed a crime here? I mean, assault with a deadly color?
Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs. I told you I'd outrun'em.
NO -- no, my lamb. Don't touch it! Now, don't touch my knife! That makes me mad. Very, very mad.
Now this is my idea of an ass bandit. Wait'til some of our local girls get a look at you, scrotum head.
Good. She's good. I have to deliver this. I have a very thirsty date. She's part camel.
Come on, Louise. Don't blow it. Let's go.
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for. Drew's a good man. I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate --
I saw a different life. I can't stop seeing it. Can't leave, can't stay. No damn use to anyone.
I can't really play the buttsack.
There once was woman named Berlin, Who liked a bit now and again. Not now and again, But Now! And Again! And Again! And Again! And Again!
Majorek used to be in the army. Brilliant man. He's got a mind like a searchlight. The only thing I've got against him is he's not a socialist. You'd better go now, Wladek. It's nearly curfew. You see these, Wladek? You know how many copies we print of our newspaper?
Your advertising is dandy. Folks'd just never guess you don't have a thing to sell. You better take me home, now.
