A thousand commanders and we get a Belgian from Alcoholic's Anonymous.
No. But I do. You've muddled everything from the start. Kidnapping that child in Marrakesh ... Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children kidnapped?
This is the end, my friend. Thank you for calling!
The silence of the goats.
Dennis! There's some lovely filth down here ... Oh! howd'you do?
Well, it's Halloween. I guess everybody's entitled to a good scare.
The bells of hell go ting-a-ling For you but not for me. Oh death where is thy sting-a-ling? Grave where thy victory?
Tell him not to feel bad. Sooner or later, we all lose our balls.
Love and a bit with a dog, that's what they like.
Finally, I come to my number two man. His name: Number Two.
I'm gon na get that son of a bitch!
I haven't killed anybody since 1974. Goddamn his soul to burn for eternity in fuckin'hell for makin'me spill blood on my hands! Go to this comedian's son's apartment and come back with somethin'that tells me where that asshole went so I can wipe this egg off of my face and fix this fucked-up family for good.
And tell Shakespeare something more cheerful next time for Twelfth Night.
Now that's one ugly dude.
Lenny! Jesus! You scared the Hell out of me.
Yeah, yeah. I forgot my mantra.
His first night in the joint, Andy Dufresne cost me two packs of cigarettes. He never made a sound ...
Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.
You may come out when you've learned to be a loving daughter!
You all came home. And with you, my life of details.
Semyon recommends these places for business meetings because you can see what tattoos a man has.
Whilst my father prayed earnestly to God to protect commerce, I would offer up secretly the proudest prayer a boy could think of. Lord, make me a great composer! Let me celebrate your glory through music - and be celebrated myself! Make me famous through the world, dear God! Make me immortal! After I die let people speak my name forever with love for what I wrote! In return I vow I will give you my chastity - my industry, my deepest humility, every hour of my life. And I will help my fellow man all I can. Amen and amen!
I'm not trying to make history.
I've read your letters, motherfucker. Don't play no reindeer games with me.
Something's going on, and it has to do with that number. The answer is there.
I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career! I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom!
Where are John Joe Jake Jim Jerk, dead dead dead, they were not born before they were born, they were not born, where are Leonardo, Mozart, Shakespeare, alive alive alive, they were born -
... all train compartments smell vaguely of shit. It gets so you don't mind it. That's the worst thing that I can confess. You know how long it took me to get there? A long time. When you die you're going to regret the things you don't do. You think you're queer ...? I'm going to tell you something: we're all queer. You think that you're a thief? So what? You get befuddled by a middle-class morality ...? Get shut of it. Shut it out. You cheated on your wife ...? You did it, live with it. You fuck little girls, so be it. There's an absolute morality? May be. And then what? If you think there is, then be that thing. Bad people go to hell? I don't think so. If you think that, act that way. A hell exists on earth? Yes. I won't live in it. That's me. You ever take a dump made you feel you'd just slept for twelve hours ...?
... the search for fact. Not truth. If it's truth you're interested in, Doctor Tyree's Philosophy class is right down the hall.
There is nothing to understand but this: I am a man who could have been great, but was not.
I've just come to tell you how fabulous I am.
Forrest, I never thanked you for saving my life.
Send to commander Enterprise: `` We stand ready to assist you. Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior.'' Attach our co-ordinates.
This isn't how I die.
How about it? Is there some special lady in your life?
Hey, Ventura! Make any good collars lately?
Wherever there's a hippie there's a crime, even if it hasn't happened yet. That's what I always say.
Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming ...?
`` Mike?'' Try `` Mr. Wallace.'' We work in the same corporation doesn't mean we work in the same profession. What are you gon na do now? You gon na finesse me? Lawyer me some more? I've been in this profession fifty fucking years. You and the people you work for are destroying the most-respected, the highest-rated, the most-profitable show on this network!
Trust no one, Mr. Mulder.
You're beautiful. Let's have sex.
You're acting like a superstitious schoolboy, Peter. What's next? Incense and rosary beads?
I don't have to run away and live in the street ... I can run away and, go to the ocean, I can go to the country, I can go to the mountains. I can go to Israel, Africa, Afghanistan ...
Look at that, Abu. It's not every day you see a
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
You in the suit. Yes, you. Take a bath, hippy!
Life is full of barbaric customs, I just hope they all end with a kiss like that.
My mom always said there were no monsters -- no, real ones -- but there are.
Stay calm. Stay calm. I'm a relatively respectable citizen -- a multiple felon, perhaps, but certainly not dangerous.
If there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact.
I'll miss the sea ... but a person needs new experiences ... they jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change, something sleeps inside us ... and seldom awakens ... The sleeper must awaken.
No, Im fine, really. Nothing a bottle of Jack and a straight razor cant fix.
Dear God. I've failed again, haven't I?
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
I can't kill people. My future is in television.
Vell, Zaphod's just zis guy, you know --
The book says they're probably very good problem solvers.
Slowly, slowly. It's too nice a job to rush.
Kali Ma protects us now and for- ever, and we must pledge our devotion by worshipping her with an offering of flesh and blood!
That stuff doesn't hurt.
It may sound like music to her -- I can do better with my teeth in a cold Shower. Click click click.
WON'T YOU HELP ME TO BE CERTAIN OH TOOTHPASTE DON'T YOU PUT THE SQUEEZE ON ME DE-PIL-A-TATOR WHY ARE WE ALWAYS SOONER OR LATER BITCHIN'IN THE KITCHEN OR CRYING IN TH BEDROOM ALL NIGHT.
Now that were in the middle of nowhere, aren't you a little curious to know what it'd be like to ...
... to Mr. Lumbergh and he told me to talk to Payroll and then Payroll, they told me to talk to Mr. Lumbergh. And I still haven't gotten my paycheck and they stole my stapler and they told me to move my desk to Storage Room B and there was garbage all over it and I don't appreciate that.
We want that donut money!
You replaced Scott with a lesbian?
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
What is that odious stench?
I'm the one telling you how it is. That's not too hard to figure out, is it?
James Norrington. What has the world done to you?
Rough business this movie business. I may have to go back to loan sharking for a rest.
'... I want you to levitate. I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.'
Am I too late? Have you been se xu al ly molested yet? I could circle the block.
Yeah. Back yard nudity is hypocritical. It's insincere. People should do and say exactly what they feel or think and not try to hide things.
YOU IGNORANT ASSHOLE! - What the fuck coordinates you giving! You killed a bunch of people with that fucked up fire mission! You know that? ... ah shit!
I got the better end of the deal. I just lent you my body -- you lent me your dream.
All units! SERIAL MOM headed south on York Road. Proceed with caution!
Fuck my life. Fuck fight club. Fuck you and fuck Marla. I'm sick of this. How's that?
You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
Maybe I'll just sit and bleed at you.
You turned Injun,din'cha?
Take care of our kids.
You know Scotland has it's own martial arts. It's called FUCKU. It's mostly head butting and kicking people when they're on the ground.
Don't you ever get messages, Eyelashes? I called you twice.
His name is Robert Paulson.
Death? What do you guys know about it?
Yer'a fuckin'crazy man.
Look, there is no right and wrong. There is only fun and boring. A thirty year prison sentence sounds pretty dull to me. Who do you prefer serves it, us? Or them?
Not so hard -- we all dream of being a-child again -- even the worst of us -- perhaps the worst most of all ..
... so I'm backin'out the door, right? Had the TV like this ... Big ol'thing. Couldn't see shit. Suddenly, here's this voice: Freeze kid! Hands in the air! Well I just stand there holdin'on to that TV, so the voice says: `` You hear what I said, boy?'' And I say, Yes sir, I sure did! But if I drop this fuckin'thing, you got me on destruction of property too!
I'll take it ... until I get killed or you find someone better.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind? No human can tolerate the radiation loose in there!
I farted once on the set of Blue Lagoon!
That's my new favorite camel.
Okay, now let's try to get an answer from somebody who's not a complete retard. Anyone? Come on don't be shy ...
I think so. I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier.
Maybe this is a bad time to mention it, but my license has expired. Of course, so have you.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.
You know, normally a patient wouldn't smoke or drink during a session.
That cunning little Vulcan ...
What's happening to you, Frank? You been kissing ass so long you're starting to like it? You let that guy turn us into clowns tonight. We were always small time, but we were never clowns, Frank. What's happened to your dignity?
That bum. So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that ... it's Friday night for crissakes.
Wonder if I can play the accordion now too ...
Then there's ... something you could do for me - something I've not known for a very long time - if you felt so inclined -
It's Hebrew. It says,'Whoever saves one life, saves the world.'
They cast a spell on you, you know, the Jews. You work closely with them like I do, you see this. They have this power, it's like a virus. Some of my men are infected with this virus. They should be pitied, not punished. They should receive treatment, because this is as real as typhus. I see this all the time.
Are your convictions so fragile that mine can not stand in opposition to them? Is your God so flimsy? So weak? For shame!
It's the President's personal property! I will never give up my tapes to a bunch of Kennedy-loving Harvard Democrat cocksuckers!
I mean, on one hand, if dying was all you thought about, it could kind of screw you up. But it could kind of help you, couldn't it? Because you'd know that everything else you can survive.
I'm just going to go into the kitchen to get some food -- and then I'm going to tell you a story that will make your balls shrink to the size of raisins.
I don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty fuckin'good.
Tell that fuckin'Pepe if he's switching stones on us, he'd better take a fuckin'camel -
Seal the doors. Red and Blue are coming in.
The Force is strong with this one!
Hamburgers. The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kinda hamburgers?
Not the face, you bitch. Not the fucking face, you piece of bitch trash!
Tell them, Craig. Tell them they have the wrong family. Tell them they've made a mistake --
Look at all this, would you? My tackle, the boat, all to catch a little old fish just minding its business on the bottom of the lake.
Theyve run as if the very whips of their masters were behind them.
God ... God ... Dear Father in Heaven, I'm not a praying man, but if you're up there and you can hear me, show me the way. I'm at the end of my rope. Show me the way, God.
This fence is about the first thing I've ever done that'll produce an actual result.
Boy, are you gon na get it.
I like you. I haven't liked a man in a long time. And I'm not a man-hater or something. It's just been some time since I've been exposed to a man that didn't immediately live-into a stereotype of some sort. And I want you to feel comfortable with me, because I want us to be friends. So if there are things you'd like to know, it's okay to ask me.
Look,Cap'n. Look what he done to Blue. He's dead,Cap'n. Dead! Run hisself plumb to death. That crazy sadis Cool Hand Luke run her'til her heart bust.
My dad thinks I pay for all this with catering jobs. Never underestimate the power of denial.
Somebody died. It was me.
Anyway, designer drugs have a bad name: ice, ecstasy, tar -- there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease. But what about completely safe, almost legal, terrific shit you can go to work on and do your job better than you ever did it straight?
Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way, the wrong way, and the way I do it. You understand?
No, you give me a break! I never left a source hung out to dry, ever. Abandoned. Not'til right fucking now! When I came on this job, I came with my word intact. I'm gon na leave with my word intact. Fuck the rules of the game! Hell, you're supposed to know me, Mike. What the hell did you expect? You expect me to lie down? Back off? What, get over it?
This is the future. Where are the fucking phaser guns?
I must be a curse. Anybody who loves me, anybody who gets close to me - or I must be cursed. Which is it?
You brought a posse to my best hideout and you want to know if I mind. Mister, I don't know any of those names and you're about to die.
And I lost it. I lost it all. Dignity, faith, fifteen pounds ...
Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea --
Well, I'll give him another twenty minutes, but that's it.
I ain't gon na dream no more, no more, I ain't gon na dream no more. All night long I sing this song,'cause I ain't gon na dream no more ...
That's no moon! It's a space station.
Fuck that! I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gon na have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron.
Remember those posters that said, `` Today is the first day of the rest of your life?'' Well, that's true of every day except one. The day you die.
Don't you ever say that word. Or I'll never come over here and bring you chicken soup and fuck your brains out again.
Don't just walk off the edge like lemmings. Look around you.
Our research tells us that voters like fingers.
Well look who's here! Cecil Beaton!
One more peep out of you and you're grounded. Let's begin.
Well, most recently, there's room 716. There's a scary Mexican gangster dude pokin'his finger in my chest. There's his hooligan kids snapping their fingers at me. There's the putrid rotting corpse of a dead whore stuffed in the springs of a bed. There're rooms blazing afire ... There's a needle from God knows where stuck in my leg, infecting me with God knows what, and finally, there's me walking out the fuckin'door right now! Buenas noches.
God damn dipshit Rodriguez gypsy dildo punks. I'll get your ass!
Here's the plan ... We don't even stop. Ride like hell. Tonight we keep right on going. We'll walk the horses.
This is for you new people. I only have two rules. Rule one, everyone fights. Rule two, no one quits. If you don't do your job, I'll kill you myself. Do you get me?
Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got out asses kicked, pal!
You will never know the exquisite pain of the guy who goes home alone. Because without. the bitter, baby, the sweet ain't as sweet. Have a good time. He exits like a champ, a glorious sad-sack, with a hand flourish.
Beg my forgiveness! Beg my wife's forgiveness before I blow your brains out!
Careful, old fang. You might wake up one day and find yourself extinct.
Yeah! Yeah! You ain't gon na shit right for a week!
Now he's gon na play that damn Vicki Carr record. And then when he comes to bed, he won't touch me.
Life insurance pays off triple if you die on a business trip.
The second rule is always ensure you have a foolproof way to get paid. Credit card, check, cash. Preferably in advance, ideally to an off-shore account. It's why I choose my customers so carefully. Say what you like about warlords and dictators, they tend to have a highly developed sense of order. They always pay their bills on time.
Oooh, Leopard Boy ... AND the Decepticons. Uh, Kate, Kate, you're not going into that computer shit now, right?
Look at this fuckin'beaut they put in now. Sherbert send you in here to rob me now? Been fuckin'knockin'everybody's dick in all night? Huh? You been beatin'all the customers tonight, motherfucker?
Hindsight. It's like foresight without a future.
Tempt not a desperate man!
There is no way this winter is ever going to end as long as that groundhog keeps seeing his shadow everyday. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped and I've got to stop him. For Channel 9 news, this is Phil Connors.
Progress! It always arrives too late!
Follow your heart and don't question it, now matter where it tells you to go. Trust me, it'll open up a world of new experiences you can't even imagine.
I'm out here for you! You don't know what it's like to be me out here for you. It is an up-at-dawn pride-swallowing seige that I will never fully tell you about! Okay?! Help me help you help me help you.
She was the one who changed everything. She said `` no more sex, no more exploiting our bodies and hearts ... ``
We've got 19 hours and 57 minutes before you start killing anybody. I'll get Bellerophon into your system by then. Just stay alive. I'm not gon na lose you.
Say I'm working at N.S.A. Somebody puts a code on my desk, something nobody else can break. So I take a shot at it and maybe I break it. And I'm real happy with myself,'cause I did my job well. But maybe that code was the location of some rebel army in North Africa or the Middle East. Once they have that location, they bomb the village where the rebels were hiding and fifteen hundred people I never had a problem with get killed. Now the politicians are sayin'`` send in the Marines to secure the area'''cause they don't give a shit. It won't be their kid over there, gettin'shot. Just like it wasn't them when their number got called,'cause they were pullin'a tour in the National Guard. It'll be some guy from Southie takin'shrapnel in the ass. And he comes home to find that the plant he used to work at got exported to the country he just got back from. And the guy who put the shrapnel in his ass got his old job,'cause he'll work for fifteen cents a day and no bathroom breaks. Meanwhile my buddy from Southie realizes the only reason he was over there was so we could install a government that would sell us oil at a good price. And of course the oil companies used the skirmish to scare up oil prices so they could turn a quick buck. A cute, little ancillary benefit for them but it ain't helping my buddy at two-fifty a gallon. And naturally they're takin'their sweet time bringin'the oil back and maybe even took the liberty of hiring an alcoholic skipper who likes to drink seven and sevens and play slalom with the icebergs and it ain't too long'til he hits one, spills the oil, and kills all the sea-life in the North Atlantic. So my buddy's out of work and he can't afford to drive so he's got to walk to the job interviews which sucks'cause the shrapnel in his ass is givin'him chronic hemorrhoids. And meanwhile he's starvin''cause every time he tries to get a bite to eat the only blue-plate special they're servin'is North Atlantic scrod with Quaker State.
- We look like bad guys! Incompetent bad guys!
You can't hurt me anymore!
I'm half wop, half nigger and ain't afraid of no one.
Home! And this is my room -- and you're all here! And I'm not going to leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all! And -- Oh, Auntie Em -- there's no place like home!
I'm not your fuckin'dada.
You can't play God, son. It must end with me. Just by being here, you may be killing your mother.
I'm not a doctor. I haven't been to medical school -- I haven't even been to high school!
`` That groupie?'' She was a Band-Aid. All she did was love your band. And you all -- you used her, all of you. You used her and threw her away. She almost died last night, while you were with Bob Dylan. You're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans. She was your biggest fan and you threw her away. And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem.
It's not hard to knock'em down. It's getting them to stay down that's the trick.
Geneva ... From Geneva comes the news that the world-famous international crook, Gaston Monescu, robbed the peace conference yesterday. He took practically everything, except the peace. The police arrested him and confiscated all the stolen goods, but he managed to escape in an unexplainable manner. This is the Paris police reporter speaking.
Thirty-two hundred bucks. That's what he gave me. Thirty-two hundred bucks for a lifetime. It wouldn't have paid for the coffin.
For you, Mrs. Peel.
Don't take the ring ... Laura, don't take the ring.
Good morning, gentlemen. Welcome to another season of Indians'baseball.
It's almost done.
If the Pigs were gathering in Vegas, I felt the Drug Culture should be represented as well ... and there was a certain bent appeal in the notion of running a savage burn on one Las Vegas hotel and then just wheeling across town and checking into another.
Wow. That's more than a dress. That's an Audrey Hepburn movie.
You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly.
Got it. Need it. Need it. Got it.
Cut it out butt-hole!
You and me with long faces -- plunged into despair -- because we find out that a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything. The IBM Stellar Sphere. The Philip Morris Galaxy. Planet Starbucks.
What you do now, Mr. Falco, is crow like a hen - you have just laid an egg.
Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up twice the usual number of suspects.
The new Mrs. Milk. I give it a week.
What a space port. Good work, Woody.
What, are you waiting for him to chop me up and feed me to the poor?
Look, you put anybody on TV sixteen hours a day, at some point they're going to wind up rolling off a table on to a cat. I mean with no privacy, there's no ... dignity.
Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out of here!
Maybe he'll adopt me.
Look at her -- I would die for her. I would kill for her. Either way -- what bliss.
I'm buried in a coffin. Please help me! Send someone to find me ...
Step right up! Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat!
All hail Casiodorus Rex -- Dragon slayer!
The question is not whether I am paranoid, but whether I am paranoid enough. You want to rub my neck?
Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
I'm just calling to make sure you aren't hanging from your shower rod.
You know, sometimes, I think to myself, at least it can't get any worse. But it can. I can worse. As long as you can say you've hit rock bottom you can.
You guys, you guys, you're all the same. The Doctors at the hospital, you ... it's'What I'm going to do for you'; but you screw up it's'We did the best that we could. I'm dreadfully sorry ...'And people like me live with your mistakes the rest of our lives.
Pretend I did blow up the school. All the schools. Now that you're dead, what are you gon na do with your life?
I kiss you and you say'augh'?!
Those comics -- They never got the eyes right.
Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.
`` In the absence of light, darkness prevails.'' For there are things that go bump in the night, Agent Myers. We are the ones who bump back.
One of the things you learn, after years of dealing with drug people, is that you can turn your back on a person, but never turn your back on a drug. Especially when it's waving a razor-sharp hunting knife in your eyes.
Since when is the LAPD working for the Feeb? Besides, Ramone flew out a window. My C.I. flew out a window, he's got Felix's handprints on his ass. Yes? That makes it ours.
Thank you, your honour. With God's help, I'll conquer this affliction.
You are a Canadian spy working for the Allies. Code-name Moose.
He's my son. He's very shy.
I don't believe the FBI currently has an investigation unit qualified to pursue the evidence in hand.
Suck air. Hey, Hicks ... you look like I feel.
I'm not much on rear window ethics.
The last thing I need is another picture of me looking like a china doll. As a paying customer, I expect to get what I want.
There's your paint can. The next time you drink window cleaner, I'm just gon na leave it in ya.
Remember nothing is permanent ... not even death.
You have to choose Nathan. It's like Sophie's choice. Only it is Nathan's choice. Did you ever see that movie, Sophie's Choice? It is like that. Only it is this.
The worst vice is advice, right? But can I make a suggestion? It's about your hair, some people are sensitive, that's why I ask.
What you got back home, little sister, to play your fuzzy warbles on? I bet you got little save pitiful portable picnic players. Come with Uncle and hear all proper. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard. We play in your court.
Oh man. I'd fuck her up the ass.
Take your shot funboy. You got me, dead bang.
You fought for me ...?! ... you manipulated me ... into where I am now ... staring at the Brown & Williamson Building. It's all dark. Except the 10th floor! That's the legal department. That's where they fuck with my life!
You're right. The Devil has come. Look at me. I am the Devil.
You're on a need to know basis and you don't need to know.
That's why, dear Lord, it's with such great sorrow that we turn over to you a young woman whose dream of ridin'on a giant swan brought about her untimely death. Maybe it's your way of telling us to buy American.
When you develop an infatuation for someone, you always find a reason to believe that this is exactly the person for you. It doesn't need to be a good reason, a bad one will do just as well. Taking photographs of the night sky, for example: in the long run that's just the kind of dumb irritating habit that would cause you to split up. But at the time - it's the charming eccentricity you've been searching for all these years.
... I know I'm not one of your favorites ... I'm not even allowed in your house these days ... but I could use a little attention ...
What happened, Riley. Didja get fucked?
Are we gon na have a problem, again?
Don't remove the gangplank, Sidney; you may wan na get back on board.
I can't do this, OK? Because I've got a family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I got shot after the war's already over that would be pretty fucking stupid, wouldn't it?
Days. Months. Years. Always face it forwards.
You're tense, darling. You could use a long, slow screw.
Even if that guy was charming and funny I still wouldn't like him.
Fuck this asshole. Let's go back to the station and get some donuts.
Licentiousness is made a show, vice is made a show, vanity and pride likewise made a show! This is the very business of show
Damn, my eyes are tired from reading that movie.
Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has foreseen.
Yeah, it worked. Those were great old days. We was like the Roman Empire. The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.
I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around.
Five thousand dollars! Holy mackerel! I can see the heelots comin'. The whole army of them!
My name's Pitt, and you ain't talkin'your ass outta this shit.
When you're young, your potential is infinite. You might do anything, really. You might be great. You might be Einstein. You might be Goethe. Then you get to an age where what you might be gives way to what you have been. You weren't Einstein. You weren't anything. That's a bad moment. But I remembered something Carlyle wrote: `` ... there is no life of a man, faithfully recorded, but is a heroic poem of its sort, rhymed or unrhymed.'' I realized my salvation might be in recording my wasted life, unflinchingly. Maybe it would serve as a cautionary tale. Maybe it would help me understand why.
The problem with gunrunners going to war is there's no shortage of ammunition.
- it's only the off spring of slaves that allows America to be competitive athletically. America olympic gold can measured in Negro sweat. Shosanna is lead through the French eatery by the Gestapo Major. Private Zoller see's her, and stands up, excuse's himself, and greets her before she reaches the table. Fredrick says in French, SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
As boyfriends go, Paulie Bleeker is totally boss. He is the cheese to my macaroni. I know people are supposed to fall in love before they reproduce, but normalcy's not really our style.
He ain't gon na get nothin'but a brief mention in the obituary column.
I strenuously object? Is that how it works? Objection. Overruled. No, no, no, no, I strenuously object. Oh, well if you strenuously object, let me take a moment to reconsider.
Someday you'll have a son just like you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through his teeth, buys demonic records, and smokes the dope just like you.
`` For now we see but through a glass darkly ...'' He said he's a mirror.
I like to think the last thing that went through his head ... other than that bullet ... was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.
Go on. Lie down. Play dead. Be dead.
I have decided that we shall stay here.
That was all there was to it. Nothing had slipped, nothing had been overlooked, there was nothing to give us away. And yet, Keyes, as I was walking down the street to the drug store, suddenly it came over me that everything would go wrong. It sounds crazy, Keyes, but it's true, so help me: I couldn't hear my own footsteps. It was the walk of a dead man.
Snuggle in, sweetie. It's cold out there.
He's not coming back.
So youre telling me. If something had happened last night ... it would have cost me fourteen hundred dollars? Thats a down payment on a Ford Focus!
She's grieving. It's a process.
An elegant weapon for a more civilized time. For over a thousand generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times, before the Empire.
You are by far the dumbest most pathetic piece of maggot-eaten shit that has ever slid from God's gilded ass! What if the kid has one of those fucking play-dates they have now?
If this is some kind of practical joke, it's not funny! And I know funny .. I'm a clownfish!
You needn't worry about the Canadians. They're just happy to be there. Yes, well, they always look surprised when they're invited.
But not German, I beg your Majesty! Italian is the proper language for opera. All educated people agree on that.
Hey, I'm a child of divorce. Give me a break Hmmm, I see they've omitted the pork loin with lime jello.
...'cause I don't believe that crap, you know? I believe there is such a thing as a bad boy -- bad clear through. And it's gon na be my job to turn you around, to kill or cure. Kill. Or. Cure. Understand? And I'm up to the job, oh yes, believe me, hotshot, I am ready, willing and able to take you on -- you and that jibagoo music you like to sing. I'm just the guy to knock that music out of your head and put in some respect and obedience. Now your mother has just about washed her hands of you -- that's obvious,'cause she's shipped you off up here. I mean, she has had it with you. She told me: she said'Dwight, I just can't handle him anymore.'So don't go crying to Mama,'cause Mama won't listen. Mama is sick to death of her baby boy.
Heroin makes you constipated. The heroin from my last hit is fading away and the suppositories have yet to melt. I am no longer constipated.
`` There is nothing that goes on, on this boat that I don't know about. She speaks to me in the night. So don't test me. Not even a little ...''
Another movie from an old TV show?
How's that for collateral damage?
Let's snuff the fucker.
You think you got the market cornered on human suffering? Well let me tell you something about `` People like me.'' People like me feel little and lost and ugly and dispensable. People like me have perfect husbands screwing someone far more perfect than me and my son, my son hates me, I try too hard and I push and he knows it and I talk in that voice, that voice I promised I'd never use, and I've screamed, I've screamed horrible things to him, a five year-old because he doesn't want to get in the car at the end of a day and he stares at me with such anger and I hate him then. I know I'm failing you, I know I'm disappointing you, I know you deserve better but get in the fucking car! It's like every morning I wake up and fail, and I look around and anybody, anybody can pull it off, but somehow I can't. And I know, I know I have everything, and I'm still miserable and it's pathetic. I know it's pathetic. No matter how hard I try, something about me will never be enough.
Make her stop, you dirty pork queen!
Well, I ain't af'real cowboy, but I'm one hell of a stud!
Of all the fuckin'things she coulda forgot, she forgets my father's watch. I specifically reminded her not to forget it. `` Bedside table on the kangaroo.'' I said the words: `` Don't forget my father's watch.''
Oh and not yours? You know, I don't get you, Justice. You used to be all about the girl stuff: stealing, boning, blowing shit up. Now you're like this little priss with a conscience. It's really a fucking drag.
To love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody knows ... his own.
Anybody who ever built an empire, or changed the world, sat where you are now. And it's because they sat there that they were able to do it.
If I were God I would have made the world just so and no different ... And so I have you. .I have you.
Oh, difficult, it's so difficult. You're a nice person, Joe -- I should never have asked you up -- a lovely person. Oh, how I loathe life. I loathe it. Please go. Please.
Watch him, Bert.
Get your rest, Gentlemen. The boat will be ready for you on Friday. If I see you or your friends before then, or fail to check in every half hour with that unpleasant looking man in there, Ms. Finneran will find herself the victim of a gruesome violation before she dies. As will your father, Mr. Hockney. and your Uncle Randall in Arizona, Mr. Kint. I might only castrate Mr. McManus'nephew, David. Do I make myself clear?
Basically, we have all our rotten eggs in one basket. The objective of Operation Kino .... Blow up the basket.
This is where he takes us.
You wan na play the dozens. Here you go: They called, there was a bookkeeping error at the Hospital, you died at birth. Your turn ...
I figger a man's only good for one oath at a time ... I took mine to the Confederate States of America ... So did you, Reverend ...
Funny how they always want to be your friends after they kick your guts out.
Man, that's a real bad habit you've got.
We were talking of London,ma'am, and all its -- diversions.
It's Durant. Robert G. Durant.
No! I didn't come this far to be breakfast!
Hey! Watch the language little boy. There are females present.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering, these are all noble pursuits, and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. To quote from Whitman: `` O me, o life of the questions of these recurring, of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities filled with the foolish. What good amid these, o me, o life? Answer: that you are here. That life exists, and identity. That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse. That the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse.
Books, records, films -- these things matter. Call me shallow but it's the damn truth, and by this measure I was having one of the best dates of my life.
You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator ...
Just relax, and I'll take care of the squealing, wretched, pinhead puppets of Gotham.
Who is this on the Wolfman telephone?
They say there are only two days you enjoy a boat, the day you buy it and the day you sell it.
Ricky Martin? You named your kid Ricky Martin?! Why didn't you tattoo `` kick me'' on his ass while you were at it?
Our target is a British national, Simon Ross, a reporter. I want all his phones, his blackberry, his apartment, his car, bank accounts, credit cards, travel patterns ... I want to know what he's going to think before he does. Every dirty little secret he has. And most of all, we want the name and real time location of his source.
My father was a sick man.
Terrific. And, Joe, big favor, okay? Try to ... fix yourself up, if you can manage it. Look the part. Not like the last time, okay?
In every class there's a guy who thinks he's smarter than me. In this class, it's you, isn't it, Mayonnaise?
Are you IN5ANE? I'm the director! I make the casting decisions around here!
Well, don't worry! I'm not going to do what you think I'm going to do, which is FLIP OUT!
They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew?
I thought we would meet again only in death.
Wait -- was that? -- Did your hairline just recede?
I'm not dying in a fucking ratmaze.
I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school.
I hate that fortune cookie shit.
Hey. Stinky. Kitchen's closed. Whatcha havin'? Six library guards, raw? Plus belts and boots? Man, you're gon na need some heavy fiber to move that out --
What's all this happy horseshit?
Just remember that when you sign for the tip. They're paying for it, so don't be shy.
I wish, for just one day, Dad couldn't tell a lie.
`` Exciting'' is hardly the word I would use.
Let the man out, WW. He is desiring to leave the hospitality of Big Whiskey behind him.
I remember Charley Wade come to my father's hardware store once when I was a little boy. I'd heard stories how he shot this one, how he shot that one -- man winked at me and I peed in my pants. Winked at me.
I don't care! I ain't no freakin monument to justice! I lost my hand, I lost my bride! Johnny has his hand, Johnny has his bride! You come in here and you want me to put away my heartbreak and forget?
My name is Vitoli. How can I be of assistance.
Why the fuck didn't you stop him? Because, you ignorant sonofabitch, you'd be dead, too. Think ... think, Goddamnit!
Goddamn FBI ... don't respect nothing.
I am giving the piano back to you. I've had enough. The arrangement is making you a whore and me wretched. I want you to care for me, but you can't.
Vigi, Vigi, Vigi -- you have been a bad little monkey.
What, you guys get a group rate or something?
Roger, I want you to know I love you. I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a rabbit.
Lenny, memories were meant to fade. They're designed that way for a reason.
Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.
Not goodbye. Remember? See you later.
Human females are so repulsive.
I like ya, Clarence. Always have.
Oh hell yeah. We's just in the wrong place at the wrong time. So don't feel so bad dude.
When they call me -- and they all call me -- it is so important to them that I know what they ask is the Lord's will. Or Allah's, or Yahweh's. And I suppose they're right. Because if He were not vengeful, I would not exist, would
Y'know. Yer do have the sense God gave a doughnut.
Hell will hold no surprises for us.
Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime, it's what we are. But now the risks are outa line. The streets are a war zone. And sex can kill you. So you slip on the trodes, you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
Won't affect me. I'm already a woman.
You don't know the meaning of the word.
Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were running out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing. Maybe now youll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin your next relationship.
I bet you come here on a Saturday night, you need nigga repellent keep'em off your ass.
... He's not homeless Howard, they just don't say where he lives. Well it's a silly question. Because nobody's homeless in Pleasantville.
When you love someone, you've got ta trust them. There's no other way. You've got to give them the key to everything that's yours. Otherwise, what's the point? And, for a while ... I believed that's the kind of love I had.
How much time do we have?
That's some weird fucking shit Eh Bud? What's going on man?
I can spell it, too. C-a-t-a-s-t-r-o- phe. Learned the same place you did, in the schoolroom. That's one of the first words they taught me. Ruby Thewes, you are a ca-t-a-s-t-r-o-p-h- e ...
You know, so much of the time we're lost. We say,'Please, God, tell us what is right. Tell us what's true. There is no justice. The rich win, the poor are powerless ...'We become tired of hearing people lie. After a time we become dead. A little dead. We start thinking of ourselves as victims. And we become victims. And we become weak ... and doubt ourselves, and doubt our institutions ... and doubt our beliefs ... we say for example,'The law is a sham ... there is no law ... I was a fool for having believed there was.'But today you are the law. You are the law ... And not some book and not the lawyers, or the marble statues and the trappings of the court ... all that they are is symbols. Of our desire to be just ... All that they are, in effect, is a prayer ... ... a fervent, and a frightened prayer.
Quite a dance, huh? Death everywhere and you and me in the middle. Catch!
I just want her to leave me alone.
Holy shit! Midnight. Baseball bats and boogemen. Unfucking real.
I work alone. Like you ... ... we always work alone.
Yuck! Me Grimlock, not a kisser! Me, Grimlock, a king!
Nonsense, I have not yet begun to Defile myself.
Look, Kenny, I know you're about fifty pounds overweight but when I say hurry please interpret that as ... MOVE YOUR
By the time I grew up, there was thirty billion a year in cargo moving through Idlewild Airport and we tried to steal every bit of it.
Reverse-Darwinism. Survival of the most idiotic.
Shh! Darling! Shh! I cut it a little roomy for the free movement. The fabric is comfortable for sensitive skin, and can also withstand a temperature of over 1000 degrees. Completely bulletproof. And machine washable, darling. That's a new feature.
And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school as a child.
This is where I'm from. This is where my family is. My business. My mother. This is my place. This is my country. This is America.
It does sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
So why did I do it? I could offer a million answers, all false. The truth is that I'm a bad person, but that's going to change, I'm going to change. This is the last of this sort of thing. I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already. I'm going to be just like you: the job, the family, the fucking big television, the washing machine, the car, the compact disc and electrical tin opener, good health, low cholesterol, dental insurance, mortgage, starter home, leisurewear, luggage, three-piece suite, DIY, game shows, junk food, children, walks in the park, nine to five, good at golf, washing the car, choice of sweaters, family Christmas, indexed pension, tax exemption, clearing the gutters, getting by, looking ahead, to the day you die.
Excuse much! Not rude or anything.
Friend, some of your folding money has come unstowed.
Welcome aboard, sir.
Yes ... yes! Of course I'm a virgin! I've never done sex ever. I don't even know how. So maybe you should find some other girl who does. Know how.
God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort of sordid, ugly, sexual liason. Why, I'd be proud of that sort of thing.
I thought you might strut this kitten in right in the middle of her act.
You know the drill. You said if anyone ever tries to interfere with Project Mayhem, even you, we got to get his balls.
`` Life is just a dream on the way to death.'' I like that.
Apes don't assassinate their presidents, gentlemen.
Haven't you heard the news? I'm a gentleman now.
It appears you've been keeping rather important information from me.
Ever watched a man die? If you watch very closely, you can sometimes see the soul escaping. And if you're very quick, you can catch it.
Can you imagine what this man would have been had he ever been loved?
At the time of the shooting there seemed to be some commotion ... I just am unable to describe - a flash of light or smoke or something which caused me to feel that something out of the ordinary had occurred there on the embankment ...
Conjugate me a verb, Sidney. For instance, TO PROMISE!
Hello ... What? ... No, I don't work today ... I'm playing hockey at two.
Now that was a hell of a thing. What's wrong with them?
I just can't see God putting a gift like that in the hands of a man who would kill a child.
I'm gon na finger-fuck her tight little asshole! Finger-bang and tea-bang my balls -- in her mouth! Where? Where? In her mouth -- balls-a-plenty in her mouth! Balls, balls, sweaty balls --
These high-rise gigs give me the creeps.
I feel confident using legal jargon in daily life.
Enterprise ... what we got back didn't live long. Fortunately.
God damn, you people are confusing.
Vada, if bullshit wore a bra, you'd be topic. Come on Judy.
Where'd they teach you to talk like this -- some Panama City `` Sailor want to hump-hump bar''? Or was today getaway day and your last shot at his whiskey. Sell crazy some place else -- we're all stocked up here.
Don't tease me. You know what I do for a living.
Don't touch me.
You and that freak Disney, in love with the damn rats!
Peace and quit is for libraries.
Farewell, my friends! I go on to a better place.
Look at this fuckin'guy.
Bring your pretty face to my axe!
Hey! This is a private residence, man!
I mean, I mean, in a good way you got big and older.
Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure. This is madness!
... bosses. I mean, they're smokin'their Di Nobilis and they're eatin'a trippa and fuckin'suffritt', you know, fried pigs guts? While, if I wan na talk private, I got ta go to a fuckin'bus stop.
Is looking like a constipated warthog a prerequisite to getting a job in the art world?
I don't want anything to happen to him while my Mother's alive.
Dont talk to it, Merry. Dont encourage it.
She was doin'pretty good with her lawsuit, but before she could start countin'her money, the boys back home decided to settle the case out of court instead.
And don't let him outside, or the eagles will snatch him.
We got a plan!
Maybe I can help, sergeant. I'm a vet ...
I feel like a bootlegger's wife. Look!
Alimony is just another word for rape!
William Starks is dead ... I've been to his grave.
You fool -- you damn fool.
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.
Oh, you dat weak fuck from de club.
Margo Channing is the Star of the Theater. She made her first stage appearance, at the age of four, in'Midsummer Night's Dream'. She played a fairy and entered - quite unexpectedly - stark naked. She has been a Star ever since.
Wild Thing, you make my heart sing.
Super devil juice? Give it over. Let's go best two out of three.
Be careful. I can kill you. I'm insane.
See? I toldja. And all the doors are locked, too. They're protecting the people on the outside from us. But the people outside are as crazy as us.
Your mother mates out of season.
`` Drink with your brain.'' That's our motto. Who are you calling for?
Do you remember the last time we had a quiet drink? I had a milk shake.
God knows what you've unleashed on the unsuspecting South. It'll be wine, women and song all the way with Ringo once he's got the taste for it.
Seriously. They like this freaky poetic crap. I ran into Megan yesterday. She's bartending at Don Hill's tonight. She wants us to stop by. She practically begged me.
And you, sir, should leave this disgusting, wretched, sorry son of a bitch immediately. Good evening.
Who let Dr. Doolittle in? Emilio steps in immediately.
We are in serious trouble.
Who else knew about the money? And how did Peezee know they popped Tony Cisco when we didn't even hear about it'til last night?
This is my body. This is my blood. Happy are they who come to my supper.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey, time out! What have we here? Matching uniforms? Oh, no! Elastigirl? You married Elastigirl? Whoa! And got busy! It's a whole family of supers! Looks like I've hit the jackpot! Oh, this is just too good!
Why ... that sometimes dead is better. That's all. Sometimes dead is better.
Looks like old Jonesy finally got his walking papers.
Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin to do.
Okay, waiting gives the devil time. Now!
You're ghostin'on me, mother fokaaa! ... I don't care who you are back in the world ... You give away our position again and I'll bleed you quiet and leave your fuckin'ass right here. Got it?
You have to be nicer to me, Dad.
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops. And that's true. What they don't tell you, is that once time starts again, it moves extra fast to catch up.
Get away from me, you dirty ape!
I'm just not ... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve-'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to ... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot. You know, andit's-it's not good for my ...
Sometime in the early'70s a reporter from a national magazine was talking to the governor of our Lone Star state, and he asked him, `` Governor, what's your ideal of what a real Texan ought to be?'' Governor said, `` That's easy, son- you just go down to Rio County and get a look at Sheriff Buddy Deeds.''
Yeah, sir, you might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way. The lights are off, and they must be looking for the fuse box or something,'cause them flashlights they're, they're keeping me awake.
Grand Hotel -- people -- coming -- going ... Who cares ... nothing ever happens.
I can sum up our entire philosophy with this glass. I look at it and say, `` it's half full.'' Which, in the beauty pageant biz means, `` Where the hell's my waiter!''
Don't you know fur is murder?
What matters in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never forgetting where you came from.
A person doesn't change because you find out more.
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
There's nothing else down there.
My name? It's take your crude, overly obvious come-on to every woman who walks past and cram it.'That's my name.
What evidence? No weapons were found in the cave.
What a nice little dog! And you, my dear. What an unexpected pleasure!
Let's put him in a pot.
Hey, I won't let it happen, okay.
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find.
Great. Now I have guilt.
We got $ 1.98 and you're laughin'.
Oh, Tron ... I knew you'd escape ... they've never built circuit that could hold you ...
A glooming peace this morning with it brings, the sun, for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe, than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
Remember -- keep your arms and legs in the vehicle at all times --
She won't be here for a half hour. Think you can stand it that long?
Kidnap the Sandy Claws Throw him in a box Bury him for ninety years Then see if he talks
1957 was a big year. The Russians put that Sputnik into outer space, the Dodgers played their last game at Ebbets Field,'that guy'shot Frank Costello in the head, and missed, and the Gallo brothers whacked Albert Anastasia in that barber shop in the Park Sheraton Hotel. It was total chaos. With Anastasia gone, Vito Genovese figures he's king shit, but Carlo Gambino and'Joe Bananas'both want to be boss of all bosses. So they call a meeting -- a big meeting.
You knock it off, Chip! You're penis cheese!
... what Heavyweight Champion of the World? I'm not the champ. I am retired, finished, out of the game. And I ain't gon na let myself grieve and suffer none. But I know I will not fight again ...
Now, Mrs Lowry, don't get upset Please wait in reception, Mr Lowry, you're giving her wrinkles.
Tonight the laws of God and the cultural values of man have been vindicated. The people of Dade county, the normal majority, have said enough, enough, enough.
No, you're insane! You can't speak whale! I have to get out! I have to find my son! I have to tell him how old sea turtles are!
Mr. President, you got bigger problems than losing me. You just lost my vote.
Twenty zlotys. That's all we've got left. What can I buy with twenty zlotys? I'm sick of cooking potatoes, potatoes, potatoes.
Level out! Fly straight!
No, it was the dream. We are noodle folk. Broth runs through our veins.
It's about the survival of the human race, Plissken. Something you don't give a shit about.
Corporate accounting is sure as hell going to notice 305, 3 26.13!! Michael!!
The day will come when you will be free. Go to bed, little father. We want to be alone.
This is Constantine. John Constantine, asshole.
Hey, listen. You're not going soft on me, are you? I mean, you're not gon na start dreaming about me and waking up all sweaty and looking at me like I'm some kinda princess when I burp.
After a while, it all got to be normal. None of it seemed like crimes. It was more that Henry was enterprising. That he and the guys were making a few bucks hustling, while other men were sitting on their asses waiting for handouts. Our husbands weren't brain surgeons. They were blue collar guys, and the only way they could get extra money, real extra money, was to go out and cut a few corners.
I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?! It cost too much! Now sit down and eat with us or leave us be!
How much more you got to eat? Your appetite isn't as big as your noses, is it?
I have to teach myself not to read too much into everything. Comes of too long having to read so much into hardly anything at all.
Sorry about that, folks. She's a very pretty mental patient.
Okay, so we got a state trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, and these folks drive by, and we got a high-speed pursuit, ends here, and this execution-type deal.
The chair! Give him the chair!
There are too many ideas and things and people, too many directions to go. I was starting to believe the reason it matters to care passionately about something is that it whittles the world down to a more manageable size.
No one gets back on board. That's my
Hey, will you shut the fuck up and let me sing?!
Like even today. I woke up this morning, you know? And the sun was shining and everything was nice. Then the first thing that happens is I see you and I thought this is going to be one terrific day so you better live it up, boy,'cause tomorrow maybe you'll be nothing.
Come upstairs. I don't care why you come. No, that's not what I mean. Loretta, I love you. Not like they told you love is and I didn't know this either. But love don't make things nice, it ruins everything, it breaks your heart, it makes things a mess. We're not here to make things perfect. Snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. We are here to ruin ourselves and break our hearts and love the wrong people and die! The storybooks are bullshit. Come upstairs with me, baby! Don't try to live your life out to somebody else's idea of sweet happiness. Don't try to live on milk and cookies when what you want is meat! Red meat just like me! It's wolves run with wolves and nothing else! You're a wolf just like me! Come upstairs with me and get in my bed! Come on! Come on! Come on!
Couldn't help it, boss. I tried to take it back, but it was too late.
The man's ripping your ears off, Percy. I'd do as he says.
Eleanor, help me! I've got to pee!
All I ever wanted was to sing to Him. That's His doing, isn't it? He gave me that longing - then made me mute. Why? Tell me that. If He didn't want me to serve Him with music, why implant the desire, like a lust in my body, then deny me the talent? Go on, tell me! Speak for Him!
Business as usual, huh? Hey, I hear you got the new kid. Looks like a stiff!
People will say we're in love. Pity you tried to fool me, isn't it? Pity for poor Catherine. Tick-tock ...
Tell me the correlation between a hospitalized boxer and a good deal?
All right, Gladiator. We shall go to Rome together and have bloody adventures. The Great Whore will suckle us until we are fat and happy and can't suck another drop. That is Rome.
That's why I don't like it. Tomorrow night we're doing this for real. I don't want somebody remembering a stupid joke like that and getting going again. Ever try not laughing in church once something funny gets stuck in your head. Same goddamn thing.
Not us. The first step is Love. The second is Mercy.
Marv, ... I just bagged the elephant!
There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size ...
BANG! He shoots, he scores!
Really. I'm good at getting guys to want me. Not date or marry me. But want me. I've always been good at that.
And that's the way the cookie crumbles.
England prevails, Mr. Finch.
Captain's Personal Log. Supplemental. We're heading toward Federation space at maximum warp. The crew has responded with the dedication I've come to expect of them. And like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields throughout history, I wait for the dawn.
We've met before, haven't we?
Lena I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you at the hospital ..... I called a phone sex line. I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry -- and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you ..... can you please let me redeem the mileage?
Liking the angle of the dangle?
Chickens come home to roost ... They are suddenly JOLTED by a glancing blow from another ship -- Wash struggles to control her --
... the village, which had stood for maybe a thousand years, didn't know we were coming that day. If they had they would have run ... Barnes was at the eye of our rage - and through him, our Captain Ahab - we would set things right again. That day we loved him ...
He's come to collect.
Where's the money, Lebowski!
The second worst is that of the Azgoths of Kria. During a recitation by their Poet Master Grunthos the Flatulent of his poem `` Ode to a Small Lump of Green Putty I Found in My Armpit One Midsummer Morning,'' four of his audience died of internal hemorrhaging, and the President of the Mid- Galactic Arts Nobbling Council survived by gnawing one of his own legs off.
My father is getting married again. For five years he's been living with a woman who studied decorating at Caesar's Palace.
I should warn you ... I've always been attracted to older women ...
Because certain work needs to be experienced all at once in order for one to appreciate the full force of its character.
Wha'd you, have a food fight in here?
Smart boy. Real smart. Let's see how smart you are with my foot up your ass! I'm gon na kick your ass!
He's got a gift for fiction.
That's a nice girl that, but she ought to go careful in Vienna. Everybody ought to go careful in a city like this.
You're not confused, are you?
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
What the hell is the matter with you people?! You caused more damage than that thing did!
Just because them smelly assholes like to ride us like horses don't mean we got to let'em brand us like we're horses. Maybe we ain't nothin'but whores, but by God we ain't horses.
John, get the hell out of there.
Yeh. Yeh ... tricky ... tricky ... I knew a girl at school called Pandora ... never got to see her box though.
It's the same everywhere. Once the tripods start to move, no more news comes out of that area.
My glorious prose, filtered through the minds of the insane? Who knows? They might improve it.
Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?
I'm going to get that little son of a bitch if it's the last thing I do ... it may actually be the last thing I do, understand that? Copy me on that?
Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal. He's a senator.
Don't take any guff from these swine. Now we need a sound store with the finest equipment. Nothing dinky. One of those new Belgian Heliowatts with a voice-activated shotgun mike, for picking up conversations in oncoming cars.
Guard the boat, mind the tide ... Don't touch my dirt.
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash'em. Pick up th elot and f ... owww ... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Okay, fine. I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference --
Is her mother still lying on the floor?
I'm not one for speeches, so I'll just say `` Thanks''.
Subtlety, Stu. Look it up.
Why not? Is this not a reasonable place to park?
Dr. Zaius! Would an ape make a human doll that talks?
What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost.
I make comic faces, and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs, and tell all sorts of jokes ... I wouldn't stand a chance, would I?
This big fella was sleepin'in a crate at Cisco's junkyard right when I looked to see what was in it. Jumped up at my face -- scared me so bad I killed him without thinkin'.
General Edgar is right -- ignore it. Mr. Gandhi will find it's going to take a great deal more than a pinch of salt to bring down the British Empire.
Happy motoring! Cock-a-doodle-do!
Okey doke. I'm gon na go get drunk now.
How dare the Irish break with the Anglicans? If Albert were alive today he would never allow the Crown to give up Church patronage. No, the Irish must be told, very firmly, to stay exactly where they are. It is the thin edge of the wedge, Mr Disraeli. Next, you will be telling me that the Crown no longer governs this nation.
It's not show `` friends''. It's show business.
Le ab-dollen. You look terrible.
I picked Danica up in a bar, had a one night stand with her -- then spent the next five years playing step-and-fetch-it as her little vampire cabana boy. Eventually Abigail found me. Sommerfield here managed to treat me with a cure. Now I kill them. That's called turning a frown upside down.
If you stop, you die.
Do you know about the clitoris?
I woke up. The pain and sickness all over me like an animal. Then I realised what it was. The music coming up from the floor was our old friend, Ludwig van and the dreaded 9th Symphony. He staggers to the door. It is locked. He kicks and tugs the door.
Hi, I-I'm Amber Atkins and, um, I'm signin'upk'cause, ah, my two favorite people in the world competed. My mom and Diane Sawyer ... Course I hope I end up a little more like Diane Sawyer than my mom ...
And that was how we started. McManus came to us with the job; Fenster got the vans; Hockney supplied the hardware;'I came through with how to do it so no one got killed - but Keaton - Keaton put on the finishing touch. A little & quot; Fuck you & quot; from the five of us to the N.Y.P.D.
Well, you know what they say, `` Smile and the world smiles with you.'' Heh, heh. The man should be in a straight jacket. Feeling better?
I'll bet that Klingon bitch killed her father ...
Brachial artery. Pumps up to 30 liters of blood per minute ... and there's only five liters in the human body.
This whole worlds wild at heart and weird on top.
Good morning and welcome to voice Print Identification. When you see the red light go on would you please state in the following order; your desitination, your nationality and your full name. Surname first, christian name and initial. For example: Moon, American, Smith, John, D. Thank you.
I once asked this literary agent what type of writing brought the most money and the agent says,'Ransom notes.'
I am Ard - supreme leader of the revolution and the next ruler of the world.
Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Well Daddy ... it's harvest time.
I think you ought to know what our chances are. The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
Vampires are killers. Predators, who's all seeing eyes were meant to give them detachment.
There he is ... that lousy, leatherfaced, dago motherfucker ...
After all you have done, I must ask you one more service to your king. I have lost my father. And you have lost your son. Let me love you like a son to a father. And I pray you live for this, to love me like your son.
You're lucky. I wish he'd front page for me.
What's your favorite scary movie?
People aren't always what they appear to be, kid. Remember it.
Closer, please ... Clo-ser ...
What about me? When is it ever Dwight's turn for some consideration? What about me? I'll tell you one thing -- you'll remember me!
Oh, what magic those fingers could work on the right cabinet. Alphabetize me, baby. And don't forget, I comes before U. Floris
Welcome to wonderland, Alice! Hahahaha!
You was lookin'for love, Ruby, the only foolish way you knowed how.
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
Enough ... ... of this ... ... Michael Myers ... ... shit!
Are you gon na be like a shopping bag lady? You know like, sit in alleyways and like talk to buildings and wear men's shoes and that kinda thing?
The Medieval Philosophers were right ... < Man > is the center of the Universe ... We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
Adrian, of course. Who else would have the resources
The king of Halloween has been blown to smithereens. Skeleton Jack is now a pile of dust.
Do you think you're the only one who feels anything? Is that what you think?
There is no `` right''. When you change who people are, you destroy who they were.
It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into the woods. We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.
Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The Terminator would never stop, it would never leave him ... it would always be there. And it would never hurt him, never shout at him or get drunk and hit him, or say it couldn't spend time with him because it was too busy. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.
We have paid for each of your Commandments. We have covered every field and stone with ashes. Sanctify another land. Choose another people. Teach them the Deeds and the Prophecies. Grant us but one more blessing -- Take back the gift of our holiness.
That would be dangerous. You got the body of a hippo, Tim, but the brain of a rabbit. Don't overtax it.
Erica ... You are a woman to love.
I know you. You're way too conservative for that girl. She's been around and seen things we've only read about in books.
... Is it just me, or has this whole trip been goin'downhill ever since we ran outta Lucky Lager?
Hey, buddy, you got a light?
Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
I don't need this bullshit. I got enough to worry about getting whacked on the street. I got ta come home to get whacked?
Darling, I am truly unhappy to have to tell you this but ... through an unfortunate and entirely unforeseeable series of circumstances that have nothing whatsoever to do with me, poor William has been press-ganged into Davy Jones'crew.
Do you want to know what happened to Boromir? You want to know why your brother died? He tried to take the Ring from Frodo! After swearing an oath to protect him, he tried to kill him! The Ring drove your brother mad!
Making movies was the most wonderful thing in the world. Working with friends. Entertaining people. Yes, I suppose I miss it. More so now that --
The election is ancient history, Zaphod, but if memory serves -- you won, proving that good looks and charm win over brilliance and ability to govern.
I may not be much of a horse guy. But I was born to do this.
Hey. At least I'm housebroken.
He certainly is nor so dashing as Willoughby but he has a far more pleasing countenance. There was always a something, if you remember, in Willoughby's eyes at times which I did not like.
A fifty thousand dollar reward to the man who finds this `` Mask'' character before the cops do. Get the word out to every street hustler and low life in this town. I want him here. In my office. Alive. By tomorrow! Now get going!
Oh -- unusual weather we're having, ain't it?
Look at it out here. It's falling apart. I'm erasing you. And I'm happy.
Can I have another one please? I signed the wrong name.
No longer will our penises remain flaccid and unused! From now on, we fight for every man out there who isn't getting laid when he should be! This is our day! This is our time! And, by God, we're not gon na let history condemn us to celibacy! We will make a stand! We will succeed! We will get laid!
Man'll say a lot of thing when he's sporting weasel food for a pecker.
Oh, bello, bello, bello! Come on now, be honest. Wouldn't you all rather listen to your hairdressers than Hercules? Or Horatius? Or Orpheus? All those old bores! people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble!
Nice'do. Going for the `` grandpa'' look?
I visited a woman who was supposed to have powers in communicating with those who had passed across, as she called it. She said that people who passed across were picky about who they'd communicate with, not like most people you run into on this side ...
Wouldn't it be great if wars could be fought just by the assholes who started them? We could settle this thing right here. You and me.
Hell's bells, they even shot the dog.
There is a storm coming in.
No -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man -- a humble man -- and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber.
Twenty-thousand years ago, Grandpa Lucifer said, `` It is better to rule in hell than serve in heaven.'' Well, I'm getting tired of serving in Hell. We need a place where we can rule.
Sometimes you just need honesty ... and security.
Your sister keep you warm at night? Bill throws a plate of stew at him and they are quickly in a fight. No fists are used, just food. The others pull them apart. Bill storms away, flicking mashed potatoes off his shirt.
The world is not thy friend, nor the world's law. Then be not poor, but break it and take this.
So, this is a Harvard bar, huh? I thought there'd be equations and shit on the wall.
If there's anything more important than my ego on this ship, I want it caught and shot now.
There will be no dawn for Men.
This is my first time.
Some of the boys are sayin'that if we ain't gon na fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stakes poker. Wouldn't that be a sight ... a bunch of fellas sittin'in the middle of this field drawin'cards ...
Because computers run the world today, pal. And the fella who can fool the computers will run the world himself!
You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule ...
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds!
You are a savage creature. John Spartan, I wish you to leave my domicile now!
You wan na know what I think? I think you're an evil man. I think this is nothin'but a goddamn screw job. I think it's a shakedown. I think you're the one took Nathan Jr. and my fine friend, I think you're the one gon na get his butt kicked ...
She's not going to squeeze my shirt like that is she?
In a sense we are all two people. The side we show in daylight. And that side we keep in shadow.
Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone. You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one. Guards!
No pain, no gain.
Look, here's something!'ESSS-CA-PE'! I wonder what that means. It's funny, it's spelled just like the word'escape'.
Hey, I knew there was more to you than money.
Of course. But if I were you, I'd leave the Doctor alone until after he's eaten breakfast. He's a very crude man.
I would like you to call me. Would you do that? I would like that.
10 years old, 11 in May. Lived on the plume since birth. Wanted to be a synchronized swimmer, so she spent every minute she could in the PG & E pool. She had a tumor in her brain stem detected last November, had an operation on Thanksgiving, shrunk it with radiation after that. Her parents are Rita and Ted. Ted's got Chron's disease, and Rita has chronic headaches and nausea and underwent a hysterectomy last fall. Ted grew up in Hinkley. His brother Robbie and his wife May and their five kids Robbie, Jr., Martha, Ed, Rose, and Peter lived on the plume too. Their number's 454-9445. You want their diseases?
Sir, my leg is on fire!
Eddie, we're in show biz! It's all about razzle-dazzle. Appearances. If you dress nice and talk well, people will swallow anything.
I believe you. You had some scary dreams, okay?
Don't worry, my friends are down there. They'll have that shield down on time ... or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.
May fortune favor the foolish. Mr. Sulu, Warp Speed!
A woman's a fool to marry for that. It's something for a man. The good Lord never meant for a decent woman to want that -- not really want it! It's all just a fake and a pipe dream.
Yeah yeah, `` kill that poor woman.''
Look, I didn't come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass. You follow me? You get the coat back or you give me the three seventy-nine my ex-wife paid for it at Alexander's.
You can't run from the wind son. You trim your sails, face the music and let the chips fall. Bill, let's close her up, dog, tight.
... I'm all shot to hell.
I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
Salvation is a last-minute business, boy.
The light concealing cream goes on first, then you blend and blend and blend. Blending is the secret. More concealing for you? But you complexion is so fair. Now this has a touch of lavender in it. Give it a try here. Close enough. OK. This should do the trick here. I have another idea. We'll cover up the scars and start with a completely smooth surface. Don't eat this stuff! Sports announcements on
It's okay. They're angels, now.
Death to the demoness Allegra Geller.
Oh ... obscene finger gestures from such a pristine girl!
These are some ripe petunias.
Unhand me, you mechanical moron.
What'dya expect Harry? She's a flesh and blood woman. And you're never there. It was only a matter of time.
O let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dreams. I am a traveler of both time and space, to be where I have been.
Leave him lie! Unless you plan on using him to hit something with.
Help! I think I'm melting! This is all your fault.
... sucking my dick.
They say the fuckin'smog's the reason you have such beautiful sunsets.
Now, shut up! Shut up, all of you. Now, listen to me, you hicks. Yeah, you're hicks too, and they fooled you a thousand times, just like they fooled me. But this time I'm going to fool somebody. I'm going to stay in this race. I'm on my own and I'm out for blood.
Tried to poison me the dirty Cossack ...
Reagan usually drives. Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance. When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish. And I mean vanish.
'Cept he wasn't before, was he? You know, when friends or family members say things, they tend not to register so sometimes it helps to hear it from a total stranger. You're fat.
Chili's a gangster. Ran a club I used to play at for another gangster back in Miami. How is Momo these days anyway?
It's got to be the uniform.
No, he's not here. I don't know where he went. He never tells me anything anymore. He's probably out having an affair somewhere. Wait a minute. I think I hear him coming.
Only bad witches are ugly.
You're insane. Archie is not fucking Mister Weatherbee!
Leave this to me. I'm British. I know how to queue.
I owe everything to George Bailey. Help him, dear Father.
Ah! My lady! The tide waits for no man, but I swear it would wait for you!
What happens when a man climbs through his own portal?
Love. You can learn all the math in the'verse, but you take a boat in the air you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down, tells you she's hurting'fore she keens. Makes her a home. River also looks out at the sky.
A man tires of being executed.
And so she walked out of our Lives forever.
Right, I'll just set my bourbon and advocaat down right there.
WHO CARES WHAT PSYCHIATRISTS WRITE ON WALLS? You think I told her about the Army of the 12 Monkeys? Impossible! Know why, you pathetically ineffectual and pusillanimous `` pretend-friend-to- animals''?! I'll tell you why: because when I had anything to do with her six years ago, there was no such thing -- I hadn't even thought of it yet!
That's how you scatter the roaches. Okay, switch missiles. Give me H-E's at the base of the west columns.
I never sleep. I don't know why. It drove my roommate nuts. I mean really nuts, they had to take her away in an ambulance and everything, she's okay now thought but she had to be transfer to an easier school but I don't know if that part has anything to do with being my fault, but still, anyway, if you ever want any help studying at night or just let me know, okay,'cause I'm just a couple of doors down from you guys and I'm usually up and I wouldn't mind, okay?
A telephone call? That's communication with the outside world! Doctor's discretion. Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread. Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them! Whackos everywhere! A plague of madness. In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill. I'm not saying you're not mentally ill, for all I know you're crazy as a loon. But that's not why you're here. Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy. There's the TV. It's all right there. Commercials. We are not productive anymore, they don't need us to make things anymore, it's all automated. What are we for then? We're consumers. Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what? You're mentally ill! That's a fact! If you don't buy things ... toilet paper, new cars, computerized blenders, electrically operated sexual devices ... SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES, STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES, VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS, AND ...
We did your mom a favor, Sid. The woman was a slut bag whore who flashed her shit all over town like she was Sharon Stone or something.
It's the one thing that stands between me and the jungle.
The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse.
Well, isn't this perhaps a good opportunity to ... slip her one?
Ownership. Being owned. When you leave, you should forget me.
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
I do know that for the sympathy of one living being, I would make peace with all. I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine. And rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I can not satisfy the one, I will demonically indulge the other. That choice is yours. You're the one who set this in motion, Frankenstein.
That really doesn't work, does it?
Oh, it's alright. It's always impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.
That's good. Be still. It's quicker that way.
I hear you whisperin', children, so I know you're down there. I can feel myself gettin'awful mad, children.
'T was the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville! You married?
Your mother's in here with us Karras, would you like to leave a message? I'll see that she gets it.
When you get up in the morning, how do you decide what shade of black to wear?
And the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over'em, and you don't like it ... And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go ... but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not ... and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this? ... And now you know.
I'm what counts out here! Not your fuckin'country clubs or your fuckin'TV shows! And what the fuck are you doin'on TV anyhow?!
Well, don't admire people too much. They'll disappoint you sometimes.
... I always thought when I got older God would sort of come into my life in some way. He didn't. I don't blame him. If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does.
You know, we arrested a dentist last week who like to play with kids a bit too much. He lived two blocks from here. The sewer lines run under this neighborhood too, Doctor.
Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, wise guy.
This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall!
No. Just cool it with the anti-Semitic remarks.
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
... founder of the militant wing of the Salvation Army. Random Task ...
You know the Number 1 fear of most people isn't dying; it's public speaking. They get physically ill. They throw up.
Say, I interviewed a swell guy the other day - Einstein. Swell guy, a little eccentric, but swell. Doesn't wear any garters. Neither do I as a matter of fact. What good are garters anyway?
I have no friends, only relations.
If I show up at your door, chances are you did something to bring me there. I don't care about that stuff, anyway.
I only get carsick on boats. But seems to me that's more the fish smell than the bouncing ...
Get out of my facial.
... And then Black Beauty couldn't take it any longer, and he finally did some of his own mounting.
You're just the President of the company, what do you know? ... Come on.
Kill one man, you're a murderer. Kill a million, a king. Kill them all, a God.
You're tired. Let me watch over you tonight ...
Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way.
You little pest, do you have any idea how hard it is to get one of those?
I don't know the meaning behind the song she sang. Perhaps it was a song of seduction. And the father was a fieldhand. Perhaps the song was simply a lullaby that she remembered from many years ago. And the father was hope and ... and love and desire. And a belief in miracles.
I guess it goes from God to Jerry to you to the cleaners, right Kent?
Bad neighborhood, Snake! You don't want to be walking from the Bowery to 42nd street at night! I've been driving a cab here for 30 years and I'm telling you, you don't walk around here at night! Yes, sir! They'll kill you and strip you in ten seconds flat. Usually I'm not down around here myself, but I wanted to catch that show.
You have exactly ten seconds to change that disgusting look of pity into one of enormous respect. One ... Two ...
No, she's beautiful. But a pill.
You're in terrible danger, girl!
Jack Sparrow. Our debt is settled.
You'll excuse me, gentlemen. Your business is politics. Mine is running a saloon.
I don't know what to do. All of a sudden she's a problem.
You got two feet, Sethe. Not four!
Carol the waitress?
I tell you, young lady, when a thing like this comes up, you've got to go to the police. What do you think people pay taxes for? I ain't just to keep us chasing after crooks and regulating traffic. We're supposed to help everybody. You gotto go to the police about your sister, Miss.
Small moves, Captain, small moves.
There was only one road back to L.A. US Interstate 15, just a flat-out high speed burn through Baker and Barstow and Berdoo, then on to the Hollywood Freeway straight into frantic oblivion: safety, obscurity, just another freak in the Freak Kingdom.
Oh Jesus. Oh God. Oh Jesus God. Oh Mary Mother of Jesus. Oh Jesus of Nazareth.
And crawling on the planet's face Some insects called the human race Lost in time, and lost in space And meaning.
Where's the happy little tire swing?
I have a special surprise for you, Mommy. Kate eyes her warily. No idea what to expect.
Woah! What side of who's bed did you wake up on?
Dude's a half-squid. Ain't many places he can hide. Sea World, maybe.
Least I could do ... for a Captain of the Enterprise.
I could see why some of the boys took him for snobby. He had a quiet way about him, a walk and a talk that just wasn't normal around here. He strolled. like a man in a park without a care or worry. Like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place. Yes, I think it would be fair to say I liked Andy from the start.
I like you people, but you are sentimental shits. You fall in love with the poets, the poets fall in love with the Marxists, the Marxists fall in love with themselves. The country is destroyed with rhetoric, and in the end we are stuck with tyrants.
Not proud you have, but thankful that you have. Proud can I never be of what I hate.
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money. Your mom only shot a guy ...
It's the outgoing message. You need to sound more outgoing. Let's start again.
My name's Paul, and this is betweeny'all.
How great is it that I'm not intimidated by your brilliance?
You're gon na'have a great time with her tonight. Just be yourself. ... Mostly.
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
Good evening. Although I shall not be present at this historic summit meeting, I present this, in the hope that our great nations may learn to live in peace.
Your dad says he doesn't trust babysitters. I don't blame him. You know what my babysitter did to me once? I never told my parents, either.
Congratulations, I should send you out with a shotgun more often. He looks as he needs sleep.
Okay, all the Triads and ugly women go to that side, all fine ass women on this side.
Remove head from sphincter! Then pedal!
Well, what would you do with a brain if you had one?
Advancement, of course. Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T ... Now go. Go. I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
Please tell me I'm gon na get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! Home One, this is Gold Leader.
Oh ... it looks like we got us a cowboy.
Except this time, the mission IS a man.
Momma said they'd take my anywhere.
Mrs. Robinson - if you don't mind my saying so - this conversation is getting a little strange. Now I'm sure that Mr. Robinson will be here any minute and -
Monsieur, to both your family, and your cows, I say; Bravo.
First we're flying - now we're sinking!
Mrs. Collins, if that's your son, I'll eat my yardstick. Not only will I put that in writing, I'll swear to it in a court of law and in front of President Calvin Coolidge himself if I have to.
She says ... the jungle came alive, and took him ...
If there's anything of you left in there, Whistler, listen up now. Come morning, those shutters are going up. Either you'll be cured, or you'll fry.
It's not so bad. You may not be able to lie on your back for a few days -- but, then, you can lie from any position, can't you?
Spare me this mockery of justice.
I'm sorry ... you met me at a very strange time in my life.
If I had a wife like you, I would have blown my brains out long ago. Or gone to America.
I like to suck big dicks. Mmm-mm! I can't get enough of them. Satisfied?
Cunting Hun! Bloody damn butchering Nazi pig!
You fuckin idiots. He couldn't know who I am. Now open the case and give me.the stone.
Mind ya don't cutchaseff, Mordecai ...
Be not so long to speak. I lone to die!
No one kills him but me.
No,ma'am, it's just that ... well, when we met you're all, `` Oh, fooey, I burned the darn cupcakes.'' Now, you go into a bar, ten minutes later sailors come running out, they can't take it.
You got ta shave before you leave the house in a dress like that and I don't mean your legs. Why didn't you jump on her? What's happening to you?
It's satisfying to know that all of our food has been dumped down a hole.
Mortal world turned to ice, Here be goblins'paradise!
This is my brain on your brain on their brain. Does anybody else feel like a fried egg?
`` Released from bondage and ridicule after seven destitute seasons, they raised the roof of Shea Stadium - while their fans attempted to dismantle it - in one of the loudest, wildest victory celebrations in baseball: history - `` ._
Hmmm.. A little sticky. I'll get one of my boys up here with a can of WD-40.
Damnit, spermicidally lubricated!
Oh, we totally have to.
Must we go through this every time? Come here ...
You know, I know that this steak doesn't exist. I know when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious. After nine years, do you know what I've realized?
I guess the school board thinks because Hemingway's male and an asshole, he's worthy of our time
Well I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's - and I don't want to simplistically vilify an entire country, but Mexico's a horrible place. So we'll be careful.
Interesting job you guys got.
From now on, you do things our way -- no highway option!
There is a painful difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event and its final certainty.
REVENGE IS CAREFULLY PLANNED
I can't believe I flew ten-thousand miles for this shit.
'Pardon me for being rude, It was not me, it was my food. It just popped up to say hello, and now it's gone back down below.'
Gobbledegook! All the time he talked gobbledegook! An'it's for sure a White man's world in America, hell, I raised that boy since he was the size of a pissant an'I'll say right now he never learned to read an'write - no sir! Had no brains at all, was stuffed with rice puddin'between the ears! Shortchanged by the Lord and dumb as a jackass an'look at him now! Yes, sir - all you got ta be is white in America an'you get whatever you want! Just listen to that boy - gobbledegook!
Very good, Chuck. I'm pleasantly surprised. You're not like the other murderers.
Why is there always someone who brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech!?
I've met some rotters in my time, but without a doubt, you're the lowest excuse for a man I've ever had the misfortune to meet
`` It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels ...''
You'll have to excuse me. I have a lunch meeting with Cliff Huxtable at Four Seasons in twenty minutes.
That was my CD. Don't you ever touch a Chinese man's CD.
Viddy well, my little Brother. Viddy well.
So. I guess we just divorce our spouses, marry each other, and have this baby, right? Simple.
Do those still work?
Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
I don't truly know what's gon na happen when the lights go out, Carolyn -- but I do know that once the dyin'starts, this little psycho family of ours is gon na rip itself apart. So you better find out the truth. Come nightfall, you better know exactly who's standing behind you.
Run for it? Running's not a plan. Running is what you do when the plan fails. You're not even trying to come up with a plan!
Eddie. The guys and I were talking, we'd like want to invite you to our card game on Friday night. Would you like that? Only thing is, you can't cut.
Cut, Casper. That's a wrap.
Gentlemen upstage! Ladies downstage! Are you a lady, Mr. Kent?
Come on down, Autobrat!
She ransacked her own room and I fell for it. How did you know she was a Nazi?
Where do they find these people?
Let's not drag the Constitution into this.
Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
You're not funny Tom; you're fat and look as though you should be funny, but you're not.
Boys, you don't know what this means to me. If you hadn't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh for life.
How can I argue with the Captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that Planet ... Veridian III?
I can see it all now. This is going to be just like the girl you fell in love with at Fotomat this summer. You bought forty bucks of fuckin'film and you never even talked to her.
Feed on what you want, mon cherie. Rats, chickens, doves, goats. I'll leave you to it and watch you come round. Just remember, life without me would be even more unbearable ...
See, that's the problem with terrorists. They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules.
John and Fanny are in town. I think we shall be forced to see them.
So, you gon na cut her meat for her too there, Cal? Hey, who came up with the name Titanic? You, Bruce?
Don't push me, little Annalee. You hang with us a while, you'll learn I'm not the man with whom to fuck.
I, uh, I'm looking for the, ah, the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
Our situation has not improved.
An outie. From my neck of the woods, eh? Sorry if I ever took a snap at you. Fish got ta swim, birds got ta eat.
That's enough. He's ready to talk.
Rohan, my lord, is ready to fall.
With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. Probably to a younger, more desirable female. One who doesn't have any `` issues.'' Whatever that means.
It's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask `` What's your major?'' I hate that.
No brain, no pain, Chase. Think about it ...
Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. This would be so much easier if I wasn't color-blind! Blue flower, red thorns.
I have 94 percent recall of all conversations.
Corporate Counsels Payroll, Nina speaking. Just a moment.
It's the truth that you should never trust anybody, wears a bowtie. Cravat'ss'posed to point down to accentuate the genitals, why'd you wan na trust somebody,s'tie points out to accentuate his ears?
The numbers, they don't back you up, Shelly. Nostalgia's grand. We all love nostalgia -- but it belongs in a museum. I think it's time to decide whether you're running a museum or a casino.
You amuse me, Roy. But I'm the only woman in America born after World War II who thinks astrology is a crock of shit. Now let's see if the Big Dog'll eat.
That's just not going to happen.
You left the lid off the damn toothpaste again.
I pissed off now, Jo-Buu. I good to you, I stand up for you. If you no help me now, I say fuck you, Jo-Buu. I do it myself.
It's the desert that makes you crazy. The loneliness out here. Nobody to talk to. People on the run. Trailer parks. White trash. I seen some peculiar things on a hot day. I seen a scorpion sting itself to death. It just keeps driving its tail into its body again and again. A little killer killing itself. Seen a coyote kill itself too. Just kept on biting and tearing at its own legs. Near tore one clean off before it bled to death. And what a white man'll do when it's freezing one moment, hot as hell the next. A man could get hisself killed just for rubbing shoulders with another kiss kissy kiss. Nice pussyy'see, see it coming. I don't know what it is about the desert. I figger it's sort of like putting a kettle of water over a fire. People is mostly water. We boil when it's hot.'Cept when we boil the water's got no place to go. It just churns inside of us until we can cool off. If it's not too late.
If I wasn't such a bad woman on the page, Abbe, I'll hazard I couldn't be such a good woman in life.
Exactly. Use it the same way. Only the nuke won't detonate on impact. You'll have another thirty seconds to get as far away as you can.
Friday, September fifth. Seven twelve. It's fair to say, I'm stepping out onto a limb. But I'm on the edge and that's where it happens.
I dare you to throw me the hammer -- you ain't that stupid ...
You are an imperfect being ... created by an imperfect being. Finding your weakness is only a matter of time.
You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. Although the weapon systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.
I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is.
I can just hear you now. `` Get out of here you perfect, wonderful woman! You're too good for me!''
There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that! Come on, Colonel.
The Ring will not save Gondor. It has only the power to destroy. Please, let me go.
Do you know why you shot those puppies, John? Is that what they call you or do you have a nickname?
You Klingon bastard! You've killed my < U > son < /U > ...!
How the fuck can you grin? How the fuck could you grin?
Eyes, look your last. Arms, take your last embrace. And, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss ...
He's looking for a book with pages torn out. He's walking towards the hiding place. He's moving under the fan now.
Anger is very dangerous. It makes people do stupid things. Forget any of this ever happened. You're in the wrong place, Anna Ivanovna.
Too bad, Stanley. Ya got ta die.
Well how'd you like me to introduce my foot into your ass?
I am not an animal ... I'm not ... I'm not ... I am a man.
Why don't you look over that way before I have to bust your fuckin'head open?
No lad of seventeen is very sad who has liberty for the first time, and twenty guineas in his pocket; and I rode away, thinking, I confess, not so much of the kind of mother left alone, and of the home behind me, as of tomorrow, and all the wonders it would bring.
For two days and two fuckin'nights, we beat the shit out of this guy. I mean, we even stuck ice-picks in his balls.
Ordinary people I hate'em.
As far as I'm concerned, the Internet is just another way to be rejected by a woman.
Nice to see you in action one more time, Captain Kirk. Take care.
Your looks have become a problem.
Does anybody remember laugh-tah? Come and GET'EM!
This is Lex Luthor. Only one thing alive with less than four legs can hear this frequency, Superman, and that's you.
Who cares about Jennifer and those douchebags with douchebag haircuts? People just burned to death. In our town!
Okay, let's see. `` No, please don't kill me, Mr. Ghostface. I want to be in the sequel.''
Go back to China, bitch!
The American Express card. Don't steal home without it.
... Okay kid, let's chow.
It's one thing to want somebody out of your life. It's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup of Drano.
For Nicky, Las Vegas was the fuckin'Wild West.
Leon, I want to tell you something which I thought I never would say, which I thought nobody ever should say, because I thought it didn't exist ... and, Leon ... I can't say it ...
Pity to waste a whole Monte Cristo.
Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale.
Lights are green. She's alive. Well, there goes out salvage, guys.
Cain slew Able. Slew him out of envy. And God put his mark on Cain for his sin. You want that mark, Deke? Give you that peace you come here for? I'll give it to you, just say that shit again. Say you love me.Go'on! Say YOU LOVE ME, NIGGA!
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man.
What kind of rat-bastard psychotic would play that song -- right now, at this moment?
Who'd you think I was, anyway? A guy that walks into a good-looking dame's front parlor and says `` Good afternoon, I sell accident insurance on husbands. You got one that's been around too long? Somebody you'd like to turn into a little hard cash? Just give me a smile and I'll help you collect.'' Boy, what a dope I must look to you!
'The desert of the real.'
You mean that's what you're going to call it.
What fire and music?
On the good days I feel like I get it, like it all makes sense. I can stay in the moment. I don't have to control everything in the future. And I believe everything is going to work out fine. On the bad days, I just want to grab the phone and start dialing numbers. I want to pull my hair and run through the streets screaming. But, thanks to the people I've met in these rooms, people like Margaret and Jim and Sarah, people who've taught me how to listen, I'm pretty sure I'll make it through today.
I am the one who is rotting. But I think your face looks graver than mine.
Can I have a piece of toast?
Greetings, my friend. You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable ... that is why you are here. So now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full story of what happened ... We are giving you all the evidence, based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal. The incidents, the places, my friend, we can not keep this a secret any longer. Can your hearts stand the shocking facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood, Junior??
I left my phone number in your undies. Try not to lose it in traffic.
How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport?
I know what you're thinking: `` There is pain coming. Am I going to take it like a man?'' Let me put you at ease: You won't. None of them do. Men, women, children. They all weep, they all beg. They pass out, they piss themselves. They attempt negotiation: You wouldn't believe how many men have lain right where you're lying right now - grown men, with wives and children back home - offering all kinds of sexual gratification in exchange for a five minute reprieve. It's pathetic. Are you afraid? Then there's that moment when they realize there's nothing left to be negotiated. They're just mine. And they're helpless. And the look in their eyes, the level of surrender ... well, it's almost pornographic. I put this mirror here because I don't want you to miss it. Are you afraid?
Phone call from God. If it had been collect, it wouldn't been daring.
I'm not an idiot, man. I watch TV.
Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
I really want her to pick me up. It's weird how strong that desire is.
Like, look at her. She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick.
Yo. I kinda feel like God!
You're on a roll kiddo. Enjoy it while it lasts --'cause it never does.
Coulda, woulda, shoulda, pal.
Gentlemen, I give you a toast. Here is my hope that Robert Conway will find his Shangri-La!
I'm fireproof. You weren't.
Extraordinary! On the page it looked nothing. The beginning simple, almost comic. Just a pulse - bassoons and basset horns - like a rusty squeezebox. Then suddenly - high above it - an oboe, a single note, hanging there unwavering, till a clarinet took over and sweetened it into a phrase of such delight! This was no composition by a performing monkey! This was a music I'd never heard. Filled with such longing, such unfulfillable longing, it had me trembling. It seemed to me that I was hearing a voice of God.
What are you retarded or something?! Why don't you look where you're going?
'f ie man's a cockroach. You think you; tall him, and he pops up someplace, Ise. A beat.
You know where I am, Anna Ivanovna.
Come now! Do not fail your friend. Make his sacrifice an act of honor.
When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep and you're never really awake. I hadn't slept in four days ...
You're gon na have to do better than that Steven. Steven. Hey, my lisp is gone.
I wish I could live in the shower. I'd take five a day if I had the time. I went to this spa in Germany, a sanitarium practically, up on this mountain. And the great thing -- they just kept you wet all day.
They just got ta grow up -- the drop off?! They're going to the drop off?! Wh-what are you, insane?! Why don't we fry'em up now and serve them with chips!?
When my son was born healthy, I never asked why. Why was I sp lucky, what did I do to deserve this perfect child, this perfect life? -
Thank God, the police.
You know how this shit works?
Gotcha on a awful short leash, don't she H.I.? They
There never was, there'll never be another like you.
My name is Annie. I've been with Laura and Dale. The good Dale is in the lodge and he can't leave. Write it in your diary.
No - you stop it! Vernon here's got a job. Vernon's got prospects. He's bona fide! What're you?
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
No more Mister Knife guy!
Scourge, the tracker .... and his huntsmen ... the Sweeps ....
... and that's Mamie Van Doren. I don't see Jayne Mansfield, so it must be her night off.
Daddy, come inside before you drown!
People used to put coins in the mouths of the dead. Do you know why? So they could pay the ferryman to take them across the river Styx. What's this?
Fire Walk With Me ...
Is that all you two are gon na do this weekend ... smoke dope?
The only thing I have to come home to is a bottle of Listerine to wash the taste of come out of my mouth. I'm tired of being alone ... that's what I'm tired of.
He has a rotten sense of humor. And his punch lines are killers.
Ahhh. Beautiful as a whore's ass today. Eh, boys?
Would you hold still please, sir.
Oh, I fell on my keys. I've got to get out of here.
Goodnight, sweet prince, may flights of devils wing you to your rest.
I, I ... don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice ...
Adios yourself back to the Halls of Tripoli, shitbird. I've got business with the lady.
Try not to suck any more dicks on your way through the parking lot!
What care I for human heart? Soft and spiritless as porridge! A faerie's heart beats fierce and free.
Picture the scene. Wednesday morning in the Volley. Me and Tommy are playing pool. No problems, and I'm playing like Paul fucking Newman by the way. I'm giving the boy here the tanning of a lifetime. So anyway, it comes to the final ball, the deciding shot of the tournament: I'm on the black and he's sitting in the corner, looking all biscuit-arsed. Then this hard cunt comes in. Obviously fancied himself. Starts looking at me. Right fucking at me. Trying to put off, like, just for kicks. Looking at me as if to say,'Come ahead, square go.'Well, you know me, I'm no looking for trouble but at the end of the day I'm the cunt with the pool cue and I'm game for a swedge. So I squared up, casual like. So what does the hard cunt do, or so-called hard cunt? Shites it. Puts down his drink, turns around and gets the fuck out of there. And after that, the game was mine.
Christ, it's a miracle I was even born!
Dancin'on razor blades here ...
Mediocrities everywhere, now and to come: I absolve you all! Amen! Amen! Amen!
It's a business lie, not a real lie.
Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
Is very bad to steal Jo-Buu's gin. Is very bad.
Fucking creatures of the night; they never goddamn learn.
Aw, please, sir -- this job, it's all I got!
You kiss by th'book.
So, do you want my confession now or after coffee?
I refuse to drive in this country. Too many madmen.
Careful, Stu. Don't volunteer too much.
Please don't give him any more acid.
I'm sorry I called you a meat loaf, Jack.
I remember the staff at our public school. You know, we had a saying, uh, that `` Those who can't do, teach, and those who can't teach, teach gym.'' And ... uh, h'h, of course, those who couldn't do anything, I think, were assigned to our school. I must say-
Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little babies.
Hello ... my name is ... John Merrick.
None of this would have happened if Mr. McAllister hadn't meddled the way he did. He should have just accepted things as they are instead of trying to interfere with destiny. You see, you can't interfere with destiny. That's why it's destiny. And if you try to interfere, the same thing's going to happen anyway, and you'll just suffer.
You know the kind of woman that just screams trouble? You see her and every warning bell in your brain starts going off but you still ask for her number? Well that's all I ever hook up with. But this betty blew'em all away in the shitstorm sweepstakes.
Well! The boy's a hero then. Good for you son, well done! So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh?
Got enough nice pictured, Easter.
This ain't a picnic, bitch!
Do you know why I don't want to do it?
'Here is the body of Mary Lee. For 15 years she kept her virginity. Not a bad record for this vicinity.'
Do not seek the treasure! It's a bushwhack!
Are you ready to die, Blade?
So what's your story?
Rebellious subjects, enemies to peace, Throw your mistempered weapons to the ground.
Don't be a good neighbor to her or I'm gon na send you a love letter. straight from my heart, fucker. You know what a love letter is? It's a bullet. straight from my gun, fucker. Once you get a love letter from me, you're fucked forever. Understand, Fuck?
Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.
... Say friend, ya got any more a that good sarsaparilla? ...
Do you even know why you're trying to kill me? Look at what they make you give.
I realize now how much she is like the others, so cold and distant. Many people are like that. They're like a union.
And here she is! Denton's own! America's Pride! Janet ... The Sensation of the Planet ...
There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom.
Gentlemen, it has been a previlege playing with you tonight.
I saw that in a nickelodean once, and I always wanted to do it.
Charles Muntz, explorer. When I get big, I'm going where he's going: South America.
Sell this. Food's more important than time.
Yo! Hold up! Time out! Time out!Y'all take a chill. Ya need to cool that shit out ... and that's the truth, Ruth.
How did your uneducated kind ever take Jerusalem?
Ach! One Fuehrer is enough! Now please, gentlemen! Take off the mustaches immediately. Or do you want me arrested by the Gestapo?
Really? That's a coincidence. My top schools where I want to apply to are Oxford and The Sorbonne. But my safety is Harvard.
We have heard stories that some among your military men wish for war. You are a good man. Your brother is a good man. I assure you there are other good men. Let us hope the will of good men is enough to counter the terrible strength of this thing which has been put in motion.
If you died right now, I would throw myself into one of my Dad's cement trucks and get poured into your tomb.
`` This little pig went to market As meek and as mild as a lamb. He smiled in his tracks When they slipped him the axe He knew he'd turn out to be Wham!''
Straighten your baldric, Commander. On screen ...
I had returned to new Orleans. As soon as I smelt the air, I knew I was home. There was sadness there, rich, almost sweet, like the fragrance of jasmine. I walked the streets, savouring it like a long lost perfume ...
Lord! It's a miracle! Man up and vanished like a fart in the wind! Nothin'left but some damn rocks on the windowsill and that cupcake on the wall! Let's ask her! Maybe she knows! What say there, Fuzzy- Britches? Feel like talking? Guess not. Why should you be different?
Wow, the floors are REALLY clean.
Now, now the sun will be up in an hour or so and we'll get out of here ... together. You, me, Linda, Shelly- n-no not Shelly, she- we'll all go home together. Wouldn't you like to be going home? You'd like that I'd bet, wouldn't ya?
I did nothing, the pavement was his enemy.
The Crossbow Project. There's no defense like a good offense.
Ain't logical. Cuttin'on his own face, rapin'and murdering -- I mean, I'll kill a man in a fair fight ... or if I think he's gon na start a fair fight, or if he bothers me, or if there's a woman, or I'm gettin'paid -- mostly only when I'm gettin'paid. But these Reavers ... last ten years they just show up like the boageyman from stories. Eating people alive? Where does that get fun? He dumps the body in, she starts the doors closing.
Good. I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.
All lines are currently down.
You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son! I must say, the acorn doesn't fall very far from the tree. By the way, it's time I gave you something. Come with me.
Ray, I'm standing right beside you. Can you please answer me?
I don't care if you leave this second.
I still think it would be wonderful to have a man love you so much he'd kill for you.
A plague o'both your houses! They have made worms'meat of me.
There's the silver lining. A honeymoon to a romantic Mexican resort that's pre-paid on my credit card because I wanted to surprise the man who jilted me.
Don't touch the Rolex.
They're gon na blow my head off, you know. This is the last time I'll ever be pretty.
Walter, you're hurting me.
No, we can't do that; the risk of a flameout is too great. Keep him 24,000. No, feet!
The king will be dead in a month! And his son is a weakling! Who do you think will rule this kingdom? Now OPEN THIS DOOR!
Christ, we created Frankenstein with those fucking Cubans.
Look at this child .. Flor, you could make a fortune at surrogate pregnancy ....
I remember before I was born, wounded up like a fur ball in the highly overrated fetal position, luckily I'm not claustrophobic, but on rainy days I still feel a tightness in my left shoulder. So now that my stepmother's pregnant, I understand what the baby's going through, and I'm not jealous at all, really, not at all.
Dufresne? Get your ass out here, boy! You're holding up the show! Don't make me come down there now! I'll thump your skull for you!
Jesus, where's the cable guy already?
Mark my words. He'll be dead in a year.
St. Louise, you brought me back to life.
Why don't you shut up and let her talk! Two of us died in the last two days, does that strike you as particularly normal?!
Guy. Gets on a subway. Dies. Think anybody'll notice?
Youshouldn't've buried me ... I'm not dead.
Can't stop the signal, Mal. Everything goes somewhere and I go everywhere. Security feeds are a traipse to access -- and I wasn't the first one in, this has prints on it -- oh! Look at her go! A0 Everyone is getting bruises and contusions. Contoooosions.
I guess your father's not a union representative on that company.
It must've been Tuesday. he was wearing his `` cornflower-blue'' tie.
Remember Archimedes of Syracuse? The King asks Archimedes to determine if a present he's received was actually solid gold. Unsolved problem at the time. It tortures the great Greek mathematician for weeks. Insomnia haunts him and he twists and turns on his bed for nights on end. Finally, his equally exhausted wife, she's forced to share a bed with this genius, convinces him to take a bath, to relax. While stepping into the tub he observes the bathwater rise as he enters. Displacement. A way to determine volume. And thus, a way to determine density, weight over volume. And thus, Archimedes solves the problem. He screams `` Eureka! `` Greek for `` I found it! `` and is so overwhelmed he runs dripping naked through the streets to the King's castle to report his discovery. Now, what's the moral of the story.
Well, aren't you gon na offer me whatever it is you taste like?
For years I had not savoured a human. And when I had Lestat's words made sense to me. I knew peace only when I killed and when I heard her heart in that terrible rhythm I knew again what peace could be. Yet even then I could not contenance it ...
And'cause I was godzillionaire and I liked doing it so much. I cut that grass for free.
Everything is more complicated than you think. You only see a tenth of what is true. There are a million little strings attached to every choice you make; you can destroy your life every time you choose. But maybe you won't know for twenty years. And you'll never ever trace it to its source. And you only get one chance to play it out. Just try and figure out your own divorce. And they say there is no fate, but there is: it's what you create. Even though the world goes on for eons and eons, you are here for a fraction of a fraction of a second. Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain, wasting years, for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right. And it never comes or it seems to but doesn't really. And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope for something good to come along. Something to make you feel connected, to make you feel whole, to make you feel loved.
I feel like the carpet's been yanked out from under me. I don't know which end is up. I'm not even sure how to react; I'm too confused. Rabbi Scott What reasons did she give? For the rupture?
Have you ever met a bigger shithead than my stepfather?
I know you gentlemen have been through a lot. But when you find the time ... I'd rather not spend the rest of the winter tied to this couch.
I was thinking Las Vegas. Get some butts in those seats.
And eat them! That bastard won't get away with this! What's going on in this country when a scum sucker like that can get away with sandbagging a Doctor of Journalism?
All right ... Get in ... hurry. Put this on.
Your head ain't on straight.
Tease? What the hell did I do to tease you mongoloids?
Hey! HEY!!! COME BACK HERE!!! This is supposed to be a rescue!
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! Prodigious birth of love it is to me, That I must love a loathed enemy.
Ah, Oui! Englishmen don't know what a tongue is for.
I'll take a Voorhees burger and a side of Jason Fingers.
Somebody tell me! Where is it now?
Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent. I thought you were supposed to be good. Aren't you the man?!
I'm not obsessing. I'm just curious.
Look for your friends. But do not trust to hope, it has forsaken these lands. We ride north!
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
The Wolfman is everywhere.
I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I died, I'm dead.
Hear about the person of the Polish persuasion he walks into a bar holdin'a pile of shit in his hands, says `` Look what I almost stepped in.''
Wake up, little girl ...
Don't you know, David? Every time you sleep with someone ... your body makes a promise whether you do or not?
I have all the characteristics of a human being- flesh, blood, skin, hair-but not a single clear, identifiable emotion except for greed, und disgust. Something horrible is happening inside me and I don't know why.
No, my lord! No, my lord. Let him go. Enough blood has been spilled on his account.
The one thing about livin'in Santa Carla I never could stomach ... All the damn vampires.
Facts, figures, charts! They never sold a newspaper! I read this morning's edition of the Argus and let me tell you something: I'd wrap a fish in it! I'd use it as kindling! Hell, I'd even train my poodle with it if he wasn't a French poodle and more partial to the pages of Paree Soir! But I sure wouldn't shell out a hard-earned nickel to read the dadblamed thing!
I curse the day you were born.
He was trying to change this rotten business and they killed him for it.
Does that make you horny?
Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil.
I good you bid evening. Sofialooks at her watch, and the situation.
I wanted this to be professional, efficient, adult, cooperative. Not a lot to ask. Alas, your Mr. Takagi did not see it that way ... So he won't be joining us for the rest of his life. We are prepared to go any way you make us. When we have achieved our aims you can walk out of here ... or be carried out. Decide now, each of you. But remember that we have planned everything to the last detail. We are completely in change.
Always hard being friends with you, Sidney. When you're friends with Sidney, you die! Well these friends don't have to, Sidney. It's up to you.
Armed robbery? With a replica? How can it be armed robbery? It's a fucking scandal.
Boy, I can't wait for our first shore- leave so I can go get me some poontang.
Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker.
President, as of this moment my planes are ready to carry out the air strikes. All you have to do is give me the word, sir, and my boys will get those Red bastards. How
It isn't how well you play, it's how you feel about what you're playing. Try this.
You'll have the chance to do something ... something courageous. And when you do, you'll discover something: that you're a good man.
Money is honey, money is honey.
Get with it. Get over it. ... millions of galaxies of hundreds of millions of stars and a speck on one in a blink ... that's us. Lost in space. The universe don't care. The cop, you, me? Who notices?
Doug, you do understand that you may be the only person at this party with artificial sideburns?
If you refuse, you die, she dies, everybody dies.
I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it ... an endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches ... always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared ... or even noticed.
Are you a fan of Henry James?
There's a passage I got memorized, seems appropriate for this situation: Ezekiel 25:17. `` The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.''
See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman. All are Punished. ALL ARE PUNISHED!
Hey, slow pokes, guess what? There's no tomorrow.
Jesus, we're all gon na go to college as virgins. They've probably got special dorms for people like us.
Couldn't say. Mrs. Hogwallop up and R-U-N-N-O-F-T. Mm
Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department?
Do you know what she did, your cunting daughter?
When I was younger you used to hold my arm when I walked. Then suddenly you stopped. One day, I even tripped in your presence and nearly fell. I was faking of course, but still you did not hold me. Sometimes we don't do things we want to do, so that others won't know we want to do them.
No, it's just that we had a nice couple of minutes together. She threatened me and I patronized her and we didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.
It's not easy making friends. Two nights ago I drank a beer with a couple of the R.A.F. pilots -- beer's the only thing here that isn't cold -- and yesterday both of them got killed ...
Would you stop condescending for one second? Or is that one of the principles of your bullshit philosophy?
One would think that after a point enough atypical somethings would amount to a typical something. But a typical `` what?''
Women is such fools!
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.
I don't think this is any time to be funny ...
I hear a train coming. Drink.
I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with? I say fall head over heels. Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back. And how do you find him? Forget your head and listen to your heart. I'm not hearing any heart. Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back. Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try. Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
These are for you to give me when you apologize.
Ya got ta admit ... I've played this stinking city like a harp from hell!
Goodnight, dark prince.
I'm going to go call Angie. Make up some bull shit.
I'm comin'outta here ... an'any fucker I see out there, I'm gon na kill him ... an'any fucker takes a shot at me, I ain't just gon na kill him, but I'm gon na kill his wife an'all his friends an'burn his fucking house, hear?
Marianne, can not you play something else? Mamma has been weeping since breakfast.
Eww, you need a mani bad. You'd better find a Chinese chick to buff your situation!
You have not answered his question. What does God need with a starship?
You want to see him sprayed all over that map, baby? Where's the President?!
Did you bring the plastic men?
Joey! Kincaid!
Yo waistoid ... you're not gon na blaze up in here!
Take a good look at this lumpo'shit ... Rmember what it looks like, all of you. You fuck up in a firefight and I guaran-goddamn-tee you, a trip out of the bush - IN A BODYBAG. Out here, assholes, you keep your shit wired tight at ALL times ... and that goes for you, shit for brains. You don't SLEEP ON NO FUCKIN'AMBUSH. Next sonofabitch I catch coppin'z's in the bush I'm personally gon na take an interest in seeing him suffer - I SHIT YOU NOT ...
And you know what makes it even better? If you smoke a lot of pot. I mean a lot of it.
I don't know. Not for sure. But I believe he is. You see, before he came down here, it never snowed. And afterwards it did. If he weren't up there now, I don't think it would be snowing. Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it.
The day you open a'61 Cheval Blanc, that's the special occasion.
I avoided capture using theMak'tar stealth haze. Where is everyone?
Don't care how long it takes, dildos. Repo man's got all night every night.
Hush! And shush! For the Beldam might be listening!
Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
-- And get your filthy pig knuckle off my desk! Stu is taken aback by Stephanie's outburst. He retreats to his desk in confusion. Stephanie sits, rattled. A drop of blood falls onto a piece of paper on her desk. The blood is trickling from her nose. Stephanie grabs a tissue to halt the bleeding. She looks down to see a large black fly land upon the drop of blood. She gasps and stands, her mind racing. She knows what she must do. She finds Mrs. Ganush's loan documents. She stuffs them into a folder, grabs her purse and bolts for the exit. Mr. Jacks engaged with a customer, calls after her:
Hi, I've got an appointment with Mr. Ullman. My name is Jack Torrance.
Is there someone in the room with us?
In this game, the most committed wins.
Oh, don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That's the curse of a government job.
I row over, search the ship until I find your bloody key.
You drive! I think there's something wrong with me.
You think you got what it takes, I been guarding my gate forever, hahaha!
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
The key to this job is personal relationships.
Christ. I think I shit my pants.
Shimmy, shimmy cocoa pop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! Shimmy, shimmy cocoa pop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! I met a girlfriend a triscuit! She said, a triscuit a biscuit! Ice cream, soda pop, vanilla on the top! Ooh, Shelly's out, walking down the street, ten times a week! I read it! I said it! I stole my momma's credit! I'm cool! I'm hot! Sock me in the stomach three more times!
You want a fair deal, you're on the wrong planet. The strong prey on the weak.
Good ... then you can go ... I don't like violence. I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
Let's try to be precise then. The word `` torture'' does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF, they request that their members, in the event of capture, should maintain silence for twenty-four hours, and then, they may talk. Thus, the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished ... What type of interrogation should we choose? ... the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months?
We have come to visit you in peace -- and with good will.
I like to see girls of that caliber. By caliber, I mean both the barrel size of their guns and the high quality of their character ... Forget it.
I DON'T WANT TO NEED YOU!
I stand corrected. Wyatt. You're An oak.
First we crack the shell. Then we crack the nuts inside.
Why do men insist on measuring their dicks?
Did Paw used to kill folks?
Guess that changes our relationship a bit huh?
I'll say this for him: he's consistent.
Jesus God in heaven, uh, why did you kill such hot snatch. That's a joke, man. People are so serious. Hail Mary, who aren't in heaven, pray for us sinners .... so we don't get caught. Another joke, man.
I'm not talkin'about your damn word, Jerry. Geez, what the heck're you? ... Well, look, I don't want to cut you out of the loop, but his here's a good deal. I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently.
One likes to live simply.
Sleep is for the weak, Mr. President.
And here I've made you all hot and sweaty.
I told you I'd kill you, you son of a bitch!
What's the matter with you, Security? You were always so calm. Especially when you let Manfredi and Johnson go out there. Open the hatch.
... for some time. True Force. All the king's men can not put it back together again.
If your only faith is science, Doctor ... it may be you that's laid to rest.
I want to lie together without clothes on. How many would that be?
We'll talk about that later.
In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
... I cut myself by mistake.
That's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches. I don't go round messing about with your ear-phones, do I?
I know who my father was. I came back home to raise crops. And, God willing, a family. If I can live in peace, I will.
You build bridges, John- -you've got to go where the rivers are.
Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this?
Dr. Sutphin, is you wife mental?
You don't even know what that word means.
Not even when we've lost a lung ... a spleen ... a bladder ... two legs ... thirty-five feet of small intestine and our ability to reproduce ... All in the name of the South ... ... do we lose our sense of humor.
Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
Wait! Hold the elevator.
But what am I saying? You guys are pros, the best. I'm sure you can make it out of the casino. Of course, lest we forget, once you're out the front door, you're still in the middle of the fucking desert!
I didn't say `` Golden God.'' Or did I?
You can't trust Melanie. But you can always trust Melanie to be Melanie.
Yes, I consider myself a nerd. And this movie has uplifted me. There's this one scene where a nerd grabs the microphone during a pep rally and announces that he is a nerd and that he is proud of it and stands up for the rights of other nerds. Then, he asks the kids at the pep rally who think they are nerds to come forward ... So nearly everyone in the place does. That's the way the movie ends.
You guys going to let him give orders? I mean he could be one of those Things.
Just so's you know -- you're not eating inside. Number One -- they hang people round here for taking in deserters. Number two -- even if they gave out prizes -- you'd still eat outside.
How dare Unicron?! Cybertron and all it's moons are mine!
If I find any cattle on our land after tomorrow, I'm going to start carving them into steaks. And believe me, that's one thing I know about.
We shall all meet, by and by.
I'm going to miss these little flesh-stretching sessions of ours, my dear.
Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
Mr. Kirby, trust me, on this island, there is no such thing as safe. We have to get back in this plane ...
You know they invented something while you were inside. Called a watch.
Dropped in to see how you boys is doin'.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
This, all this, is language, a new vocabulary the likes of which the world has never seen. This is President Kennedy communicating with Secretary Khruschev.
I'm sorry we were gone so long, Val, but we had to go and pick up Hank.
We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock'em up together in there, kick'em in the ass til they come up with options.
The Torah is just a long string of numbers. Some say that it's a long code sent to us from God.
Have you not met Will Turner? He's noble, heroic, terrific soprano. Worth at least four ... maybe three and a half. And did I happen to mention ... he's in love. With a girl. Due to be married. Betrothed. Dividing him from her and her from him ... would only be half as cruel as actually allowing them be joined in holy matrimony. Aye?
Eight hundred leaf tables and no chairs?! You can't sell leaf tables and no chairs! Chairs, you got a dinette set! No chairs, you got dick! I ask my wife she got more sense! ...
Well, if there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that it's farthest from.
< b > Bombs are flying People are dying Children are crying Politicians are lying too Cancer is killing Texaco is spilling The whole world's gone to hell But how are you? < /b >
That's for my wife. Fuck you and die.
You wan na know what my new favourite sound's gon na be? The sound of you screaming like a little bitch.
Your gun's digging into my hip. More kissing, the Ace stops.
I don't give a shit who he's connected to. Tell him to take his fuckin'feet off the table. What's he think this is, a goddamn sawdust joint?
You better pray she's all right.
I don't know. I find they're always good for a little quick ass.
That malfunctioning little twerp. This is all his fault! He tricked me into going this way, but he'll do no better.
Shit Negro, that's all you had to say.
I see two men, brothers. Not in blood but in bond. I see the letters S and an L, no ... wait, a
Alright, a little B & E action.
People are often frightened by what they don't understand.
Get out of the fucking booth!
We have a ghost here, you know.
`` Home. I have no home. Hunted ... despised ... living like an animal -- the jungle is my home! But I will show the world that I can be its master. I shall perfect my own race of people ... a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world!''
Fuckin'beauty queens blowin'chunks everywhere. I've never seen anything like it before, and I live in L.A. Hey, Ed.
Mathematics is the only truly universal language, Senator. We think this may be a beacon -- an announcement to get our attention.
Right, stella, and we'll deserve it. But let's really make it worth their while.
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
Pussy, pussy, pussy! All pussy must go. At the Titty Twister we're slashing pussy in half! This is a pussy blow out! Make us an offer on our vast selection of pussy! We got white pussy, black pussy, Spanish pussy, yellow pussy, hot pussy, cold pussy, wet pussy, tight pussy, big pussy, bloody pussy, fat pussy, hairy pussy, smelly pussy, velvet pussy, silk pussy, Naugahyde pussy, snappin'pussy, horse pussy, dog pussy, mule pussy, fake pussy! If we don't have it, you don't want it!
This is an extremely primitive and paranoid culture. Mr. Chekov, issue a phaser and communicator to each team. We'll maintain radio silence except in emergency, all transmissions to be preceded by three coded bleeps. Anyone in uniform, get rid of your rank insignia. Any questions? All right, let's do our job and get out of here. Our own world is waiting for us to save it if we can.
Stars are ageless, aren't they?
But maybe you'd better not. I've got a witch mad at me, and you might get into trouble.
I was Fredo. I don't think so.
First and foremost Farley Flavors Fabulous Fast Foods feed and fortify families for a fabulous future!
I never seen the guy, honest. This brain of mine, always makin'mistakes. Got a mind of its own.
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Do you think maybe he's compensating for something? groans as Donkey doesn't get the joke. He continues walking through the parking
Uh ... roger that, Burt. Uh, congratulations. Uh, be advised, however, there are four more, repeat, four more motherfuckers. Come back.
We had the best organization that black people ever had and niggers ruined it.
We all end up dead. It's only a question of how. And why.
Mrs. Peel ...! Mrs. Peel ...
That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability. But that, in itself, is probably the reason. You're an improbable person, Eve, and so am I. We have that in common. Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love or be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent. We deserve each other. Are you listening to me?
If you could remember who shot you and where it happened, it might help.
... why change Horses in Mid Stresm, that's what I ...
The world is full of shit.
Is that really your idea of how to run a newspaper?
Did you drink and dial?
After being bombarded endlessly by road-safety propaganda, it's almost a relief to have found myself in an actual accident.
Ah, I keep forgetting: You were sick the day they taught law at law school.
They abide and they endure.
Adolescence is a marketing tool.
Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
Call me Darth Balls. Bunngg.
-- Folks, I knew Rex Racer and if he's up there somewhere watching this race, you can bet your ass, he's damn proud of his little brother.
Number one -- shut this door, it's freezing. Number two -- shut that door, it's freezing. I'm laying on my back, with my fingers poked in my ears trying to shut out who's got a bag of diamonds and who's got boots needs polishing, If you want to get three feet up a bull's ass listen to what sweethearts whisper to each other.
Here's mud in your column!
We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money.
That's the shortest red light I've ever seen!
This is my whole life's happiness. I have to be ruthless.
Good thing you're flexible enough to watch your own back.'Cause you're on your own now.
Heroin -- peppermint-flavored heroin.
What for -- you wan na play Hide the Salami with his old lady?
He is so full of manure, that man, we could lay him on the dirt and grow another one just like him.
I wonder what they're wearing in Addis Ababa.
You'd better get used to talking about it. Once you sleep with the king, it's not a private matter any more.
Look at me. This is who I am. This is what you married. We're older, maybe we're old, but I'm still your little chicken You're still my big cock.
Yes, children, this is the Cool Out Corner. We're slowing it down for all the lovers in the house. I'll be giving you all the help you need, musically, that is.
The subject is committed. As are we all.
I don't need nice. I don't need myself to be it and I don't need anyone else to be it at me.
I never feel sorry for anything that happens to a woman.
I can break through walls, I just can't ...
Leave it to the Catholic Church, man. Girls get raped everyday, and now they're gon na pay 50 G just because these chicks wore penguin suits!
Heavy is good. Heavy is reliable. If it doesn't work you can hit him with it.
Quit it! You're not a killer, Lenny. That's why you're so good at it.
Are you kidding? I always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
Dont screw up the best thing in your life just because youre a little unsure about who you are. Okay?
I don't have a week. This case never should have come to trial. You know better. You're Mr. Independent. You want to be independent? Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
Interesting poetess whose tragic suicide was misinterpreted as romantic, by the college-girl mentality.
I saw my grandmother, of course, but I don't suppose that counts. I mean, she was alive at the time.
All right! I'm going to bed. You be the host. It's your party. Happy Birthday, welcome home, and we-who-are-about-to-die-salute-you.
The Master is not yet married. Nor do I think he ever will be. We are simply his servants.
If you was worth breaking my fingers on, I'd tear your face wide open.
Age is a limit we impose upon ourselves. You know, each time you Westerners celebrate your birthday, you build another fence around your minds.
You were nothing before you met me! You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn! You were a Brownie, you were a Bluebird, you were a Girl Scout Cookie! I got you into a Remington Party! What's my thanks? It's on the hallway carpet. I get paid in puke!
The wind is blowing toward the storm.
