No - but look - maybe we could do something else together, Mrs. Robinson - would you like to go to a movie.
Mrs. Robinson - if you don't mind my saying so - this conversation is getting a little strange. Now I'm sure that Mr. Robinson will be here any minute and -
You need any gas, Father?
She shore don't look prosperous. Want to go somewheres else?
That Casy. He might a been a preacher, but he seen a lot a things clear. He was like a lantern he helped mw see things too.
Well, you and me got sense. Them Okies got no sense or no feeling. They ain't human. A human being wouldn't live like they do. A human being couldn't stand it to be so miserable.
It don't take no nerve to dosomep'n when there ain't nothin'else you can do.
Well, I'm right here to tell you, mister, ain't nobody going to push me off my land! Grampa took up this land seventy years ago. My pa was born here. We was all born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn bein'born on it, and workin'it, and dyin'on it and not no piece of paper with writin'on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
I know, Ma. I'm a tryin'. If it was the law they was workin'with, we could take it. But it ain't the law. They're workin'away at our spirits. They're tryin'to make us cringe an'crawl. They're workin'on our decency.
Got to learn, like I'm a-learnin'. Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin'to fin'out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preacher got to know. I don't. I got to ask.
Woman can changebetter'n a man. Man lives in jerks baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk gets a farm, or loses one, an'that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an'they die, an'their kids ain't no good, an'they die out. But we keep a-comin'. We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people.
What'a you looking at, you limp noodle? You wan na kiss my ass or suck my dick?
Percy met your mouse.
I just can't see God putting a gift like that in the hands of a man who would kill a child.
Take my hand, boss. You see for yourself.
He's choking! Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on it!
They usually call death row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile, because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then. Old Sparky, we called it. I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey, and the two dead girls.
That's why I don't like it. Tomorrow night we're doing this for real. I don't want somebody remembering a stupid joke like that and getting going again. Ever try not laughing in church once something funny gets stuck in your head. Same goddamn thing.
You lover your sister? You make any noise, know what happens? I'll kill her instead of you. And if you make any noise, I'll kill her.
What's with you? Seeing a man die isn't enough? You got ta be close enough to smell his nuts cook?
I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not. It's silly.
Please, boss, don't put that thing over my face. Don't put me in the dark, I's afraid of the dark.
The man's ripping your ears off, Percy. I'd do as he says.
We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long.
Wipe you face before you stand up, Dean.
The man is mean, careless, and stupid. Bad combination in a place like this. Sooner or later, he's gon na get somebody hurt. Or worse.
If I let Harry take those chains off you, you gon na be nice?
Couldn't help it, boss. I tried to take it back, but it was too late.
I think this boy's cheese slid off his cracker.
They got X-ray pictures of it. It's the size of a lemon, they said, and way down deep inside where they can't operate. They say she'll be dead by Christmas. I haven't told her. I can't think how. For the life of me, Paul, I can't think how to tell my wife she's going to die.
Because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes. If it's a strange place.
I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other. We found each other in the dark.
Niggers oughtta have they own'lectric chair. White man oughtn't havta sit in no nigger'lectric chair, nossir.
? If you don't say what's on your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to smother you with a pillow. I
Well? Who's a boy gon na talk to, if not his mother?
The last modern thing I liked was the miniskirt. Your technology, now, nobody understands it, and that's the simple fact of the situation.
I gave you your life twice. I'm asking you to give me mine once. I need the money.
The whole time I was in that house, I felt something was. wrong.
I just want her to leave me alone.
I don't know! I don't know why I insisted!
Well then.to a night we'll never forget.
And to being here, with my best friends in the world. There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
We can't stay here looking for her. She doesn't want to be found.
You find out what you wanted to know, mister?
Eleanor, help me! I've got to pee!
No! No! Let them go!
Shabat Shalom, motherfuckers.
But with all the attention the newspapers and television have given you, you'd think that you were the pope or something.
Give it back! Give me back my yarmulke!
Very good class. I hope you've all learned an important lesson today. Just because Mordechai's people are different from us.just because they might appear strange to us with their furry hats, their beady eyes, and their long sideburns.not to mention their bizarre customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny sounding names.just because they control all of the worlds'money, yet are too cheap to buy their children anything better than spinning tops for presents, does not mean that we can't learn to respect and love them as our equals.
It is most gratifying that your enthusiasm for our planet continues unabated. As a token of our appreciation, we hope you will enjoy the two thermonuclear missiles we've just sent to converge with your craft. To ensure on-going quality of service, your death may be monitored for training purposes. Thank you.
I checked the guide for ways to rescue a prisoner from Vogsphere. It said'Don't.'I'm assuming your plan is better.
Vell, Zaphod's just zis guy, you know
So, in the name of the people and freedom and, I dunno, democracy and stuff like that, I hereby declare this ship officially stolen!
In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
The election is ancient history, Zaphod, but if memory serves, you won, proving that good looks and charm win over brilliance and ability to govern.
I can't do this without my other arm!
Resistance is useless!
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
The second worst is that of the Azgoths of Kria. During a recitation by their Poet Master Grunthos the Flatulent of his poem'Ode to a Small Lump of Green Putty I Found in My Armpit One Midsummer Morning,'four of his audience died of internal hemorrhaging, and the President of the Mid- Galactic Arts Nobbling Council survived by gnawing one of his own legs off.
Won't affect me. I'm already a woman.
I could calculate your chances of survival, but you won't like it.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
We don't want to be happy. We want to be rich.
If there's anything more important than my ego on this ship, I want it caught and shot now.
Vogons are one of the most unpleasant races in the Galaxy - not evil, but bad- tempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous. They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as fire-lighters.
I've been ordered to take you up to the bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? -'cause I don't.
Leave this to me. I'm British. I know how to queue.
Greetings. This is a recorded announcement as we're all out the moment. The Commercial council of Magrathea thanks you for your esteemed visit, but regrets that the entire planet is temporarily closed for business. If you would like to leave your name and a planet where you can be contacted, kindly do so at the tone.
They can't think, they can't imagine, most of them can't even spell. They just run things. And if we don't get a ride soon, you won't b need the guide to illustrate just how unpleasant the Vogons can be. They've destroyed a planet today, that always makes them a little feisty.
I suppose I should have said it resembles tea.
Yes. Got to sound good.
This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
So, how are you doing in Marlboro country? Is the magazine complaining at all?
Who's going to want me now?
Well, it's hard for me to take your despair very seriously, Doctor. You obviously enjoy it so much.
I am the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete of Caborca.
Say, buddy! Who's the most liquid businessman on the street?
You're from Muncie?!
Shutup!, but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after
Sir, my leg is on fire!
Aw, please, sir, this job, it's all I got!
Yeah, and if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass a-hoppin'! I don't want excuses, I want results!
Strictly speakin', I'm never spozed to do this but. have you got a better idea?
Oh sure, you're biased, you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this?
'Fight on fight on dear old Muncie Fight on, Hoist the gold and blue You'll be tattered, torn and hurtin'Once'The Munce'is done with you!'
Pity to waste a whole Monte Cristo.
Facts, figures, charts! They never sold a newspaper! I read this morning's edition of the Argus and let me tell you something: I'd wrap a fish in it! I'd use it as kindling! Hell, I'd even train my poodle with it if he wasn't a French poodle and more partial to the pages of Paree Soir! But I sure wouldn't shell out a hard-earned nickel to read the dadblamed thing!
Martinis are for squares, man.
Norville Barnes, you don't know a thing about that woman! You don't know who she really is! And only a numbskull thinks he knows things about things he knows nothing about!
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes aboutever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
.The barred-window boys are out looking for him now, and we'll see how Wall Street likes the news that the President of Hudsucker Industries is headed for the booby-hatch. Why, when the doc gets through with him he'll need diapers and a dribble cup.
Listen, Miss Ladybird, you're here on a rain check and I know it. You're hanging on by your nails. You let that glory whistle blow loud and clear for Eddie and you're a wreck on a railroad track. You're a horse that finished last. So don't make trouble, Miss Ladybird. Live and let live. While you can.
You can't see it, can you, Charlie? I mean, you've never been able to see it. I came after him. And I'm gon na get him. I'm goin'with him all the way. The pool game is not over until Minnesota Fats says it's over. Is it over, Fats?
You know I got ta hunch, fat man. I got ta hunch it's me from here on in. One ball, corner pocket. I mean, that ever happen to you? When all of a sudden you feel like you can't miss? I dreamed about this game, fat man. I dreamed about this game every night on the road. five ball. You know, this is my table, man. I own it.
I don't rattle, kid. But just for that I'm gon na beat you flat.
What's this supposed to mean:'We have a contract of depravity. All we have to do is pull the blinds down.'
Maybe I'm not such a high-class piece of property right now. And a twenty- five per cent slice of something big is better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin'.
I'm shootin'pool, Fats. When I miss you can shoot.
Get on me, Bert. I can't lose.
Do you like to gamble, Eddie? Gamble money on pool games?
Big John! You think this boy is a hustler?
A person's body is his temple, Wendy. This body is your first and last possession. Now as your own parents have probably told you, in adolescence our bodies tend to betray us. That's why, in Samoa and in other developing nations, adolescents are sent out into the woods, unarmed, and they don't come back until they've learned a thing or two.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it, molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating.
You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another.
Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.
Come back! You bitch!
He's come to collect.
Remember nothing is permanent. not even death.
Superladies, they're always trying to tell you their secret identity. Think it'll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I said, `` Girl, I don't want to know about your mild-mannered alter ego.'' or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you're a super-mega-ultra-lightning-babe, that's all right with me. I'm good. I'm good.
Snug, I'm calling in a solid you owe me.
Shh! Darling! Shh! I cut it a little roomy for the free movement. The fabric is comfortable for sensitive skin, and can also withstand a temperature of over 1000 degrees. Completely bulletproof. And machine washable, darling. That's a new feature.
We survived but we're dead!
Stop it! We are not gon na die! Now both of you will get a grip. Or so help me I will ground you for a month! Understand?
Settle down? Are you kidding? I'm at the top of my game! I'm right up there with the big dogs! Girls, come on. Leave the saving of the world to the men? I don't think so. I don't think so.
Of course I have a secret identity. Can you see me in this at the supermarket? Come on. Who'd want to go shopping as Elastigirl,y'know what I mean?
No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to stay saved, you know? For a little bit. I feel like the maid.'' I just cleaned up this mess. Can we keep it clean for ten minutes?''
You're not affiliated with me! Holy smokes, I'm late. Listen, I've got ta be somewhere.
I can break through walls, I just can't.
Under tremendous public pressure, and the crushing financial burden of an ever mounting series of lawsuits, the government quietly initiated the superhero relocation program. The supers will be granted amnesty from responsibility for past actions, in exchange for the promise to never again resume hero work. Where are they now? They are living among us. Average citizens, average heroes. Quietly and anonymously continuing to make the world a better place.
Look, I'm The Dash! The Dash likes.
Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
This isn't the end of it! I will get your son, eventually. I'll get your son!
It's bigger! It's badder! Ladies and gentlemen, it's too much for Mr. lncredible! Whoa! Whoa! It's finally ready. You know, I went through quite a few supers to get it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough! After you trashed the last one, I had to make some major modifications. Sure it was difficult, but you are worth it. I mean, after all.I am your biggest fan.
Hey, look. Hey! Every time they run, you take a shot.
Easy, Helen. Easy. Easy, girl. You're overreacting. Everything's fine. They're just all getting coffee. At the same time. Yeah.
Behold the Underminer! I am always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness! Soon all will tremble before me!
- We look like bad guys! Incompetent bad guys!
Ow! Hey, no force fields!
My God, you've gotten fat. Come in. Come, come.
We've frozen all of Syndrome's assets. lf he even sneezes, we'll be there with a hanky and a pair of handcuffs. The people of this country are indebted to you.
Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time?
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey, time out! What have we here? Matching uniforms? Oh, no! Elastigirl? You married Elastigirl? Whoa! And got busy! It's a whole family of supers! Looks like I've hit the jackpot! Oh, this is just too good!
Huh? Huh? Oh, come on! You got ta admit, this is cool. Just like a movie! The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage. Throngs of screaming people! And just when all hope is lost, Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were!
Does this mean we have to move again?
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
You fought for me?! .you manipulated me.into where I am now.staring at the Brown & Williamson Building. It's all dark. Except the 10th floor! That's the legal department. That's where they fuck with my life!
So, what you are saying is: it isn't enough that you fired me. For no good reason! Now you question my integrity? On top of the humiliation of being fired? You threaten me?! You threaten my family?! It never crossed my mind not to honor my agreement. But I will tell you, Mr. Sandefur, and Brown & Williamson, too. Fuck me? Well, fuck you!
Will you tell him that when I conduct an interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
No, that's fame. Fame has a fifteen- minute half-life. Infamy.lasts a little longer.
No, you give me a break! I never left a source hung out to dry, ever. Abandoned. Not'til right fucking now! When I came on this job, I came with my word intact. I'm gon na leave with my word intact. Fuck the rules of the game! Hell, you're supposed to know me, Mike. What the hell did you expect? You expect me to lie down? Back off? What, get over it?
Fuck it. Let's go to court.
'Tortious interference'? Sounds like a disease caught by a radio.
'I'm Lowell Bergman, I'm from'60 Minutes.'' You know, you take the'60 Minutes'out of that sentence, nobody returns your phone call. Maybe Wigand's right. Maybe I'm hooked. What am I hooked on? The rush?'60 Minutes'? What the hell for? Infotainment. It's so fucking useless, all of it.
Stay away from me! You stay away from me!
In the Navy I flew A-6's off carriers. In combat, events have a duration of seconds, sometimes minutes. But what you're going through goes on day in and day out. Whether you're ready for it or not, week in, week out. Month after month after month. Whether you're up or whether you're down. You're assaulted psychologically. You're assaulted financially, which is its own special kind of violence. Because it's directed at your kids.what school can you afford. How will that affect their lives. You're asking yourself: Will that limit what they may become? You feel your whole family's future's compromised.held hostage. I do know how it is.
'Mike?'Try'Mr. Wallace.'We work in the same corporation doesn't mean we work in the same profession. What are you gon na do now? You gon na finesse me? Lawyer me some more? I've been in this profession fifty fucking years. You and the people you work for are destroying the most-respected, the highest-rated, the most-profitable show on this network!
Do me a favor, will you? Spare me, for God's sake. Get in the real world. What do you think? I'm going to resign in protest? To force it on the air? The answer is'no.'I don't plan to spend the end of my days wandering in the wilderness of National Public Radio. That decision I've already made.
I am? You pay me to go get guys like Wigand, to draw him out. To get him to trust us, to get him to go on television. I do. I deliver him. He sits. He talks. He violates his own fucking confidentiality agreement. And he's only the key witness in the biggest public health reform issue, maybe the biggest, most-expensive corporate-malfeasance case in U.S. history. And Jeffrey Wigand, who's out on a limb, does he go on television and tell the truth? Yes. Is it newsworthy? Yes. Are we gon na air it? Of course not. Why? Because he's not telling the truth? No. Because he is telling the truth. That's why we're not going to air it. And the more truth he tells, the worse it gets!
Our standards have to be higher than anyone else's, because we are the standard.for everyone else.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm the spokesperson for the Coca-Cola company. I'm here today to ask you to continue buying coke. I'm sure it's a drink you've been drinking for years, and if you still enjoy it, I'd like to remind you to buy it again sometime soon. It's basically just brown sugar water, we haven't changed the ingredients much lately, so there's nothing new about it I can say. We changed the can around a little bit. See, the colors here are a little different, and we even put a polar bear on it for the kids. Also, coke is very high in sugar, can lead to obesity in children and adults who don't sustain a healthy diet, and has a Ph acidity level high enough to dissolve teeth and bones over extended periods of time. Coke also works great at removing corrosion from car batteries and loosening rusted bolts. So that's it, it's coke. Everyone knows it. It's very famous. I'm Jim, I work for coke, and I'm asking you to not stop buying coke. That's all. Thanks.
I know. I've got a date tonight.
William Starks is dead. I've been to his grave.
How much time do we have?
I was 25 years old the first time I died.
No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas.
If we were equal I wouldn't be here, I'd be at home with my family and no-one would give a damn.
I admit if one waits for me to start a conversation one can wait a rather long time.
This is not a game show, Mr. Fleury! There are no deals made here. There is me telling you what you may or may not do and there is you doing it.
I don't like camels.
Saudis, like Americans, don't do manual labor. Blowing leaves is beneath them.
John The Apostle said: Behold there is a stranger in our midst, come to destroy us!
I can't really play the buttsack.
We want that donut money!
NIGGAZ! Two thousand years after Jesus! Thirty years after Martin Luther King! The age of Montel! Sweet lord a-mercy, izzat where we at?
I quite understand. Madam, you are addressing a man who is quiet, and yet not quiet, if I may offer a riddle.
.You brought your bitch to the waffle house?!
And what, to flog a horse that if not at this point dead is in mortal danger of expirin', does the dotted square represent?
Easiest thing in the world. I just thought, but the canteen is much better. Good concept. Let's go with that
Little punk. I got syrup on my safari jacket.
And will you be able to wield the drill with your maimed extremity?
Nobody likes you. Everybody hates you. You're an asshole and you're stupid. You're gon na lose. Smile, you fuck.
Stripper in West Hollywood. Lives alone. Very hot. A three on my finger scale. Means I'd cut off three of my fingers if God would let me sleep with her.
Terrific. And, Joe, big favor, okay? Try to. fix yourself up, if you can manage it. Look the part. Not like the last time, okay?
If you touch me again. I'll kill you.
It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier.
Major! Some day I think you and I are gon na have a serious disagreement.
Dropped in to see how you boys is doin'.
You try. With all you have. To save yourself. If the worst happens, and only one of us survives, something of the other does, too.
. case your aim is anybetter'n your judgment.
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
a warrior goes to you swift and straight as an arrow shot into the sun. Welcome him and let him take his place at the council fire of my people. He is Uncas, my son. Bid them patience and ask death for speed; for they are all there but one - I, Chingachgook - Last of the Mohicans. Will
I am La Longue Carabine! My death is a great honor to the Huron. Take me!
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
Duncan. Duncan, I promised you an answer. You have complimented me with your persistence and patience. But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
Son of a bitch.
My ancestors have ruled Japan for 2,000 years. And for all that time we have slept. During my sleep I have dreamed. I dreamed of a unified Japan. Of a country strong and independent and modern. And now we are awake. We have railroads and cannon and Western clothing. But we can not forget who we are. Or where we come from.
You could spend your life looking for one. And it would not be a wasted life.
Look at me. This is who I am. This is what you married. We're older, maybe we're old, but I'm still your little chicken You're still my big cock.
If I had a wife like you, I would have blown my brains out long ago. Or gone to America.
You're lucky. I wish he'd front page for me.
I thought you might strut this kitten in right in the middle of her act.
It may sound like music to her, I can do better with my teeth in a cold Shower. Click click click.
Mamacita, let me in! Let me in, let me in!
You don't get the idea, Mister. These cops banging those pans, flashing those lights - they're going to scare that poor cat of mine, Cats are funny. They don't want to hurt you, but if you scare them - they go crazy. These cops don't know what they're doing.
There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom.
You work hard not to be seen as a sex object. Before long, you're not seen at all.
There once was woman named Berlin, Who liked a bit now and again. Not now and again, But Now! And Again! And Again! And Again! And Again!
All right. As the poets have mournfully sung, Death takes the innocent young, The screamingly funny, The rolling in money, And those who are very well hung.
If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
There's one thing I don't understand. The thing I don't understand. is every motherfucking thing you're saying.
You tell him. You tell him I'm coming!
Why don't they have TV shows about people whose daily lives you'd be interested in watching.Y'know. Like SKINNY LITTLE WEAKLING. Or BIG FAT GUY. SICK OLD MAN. FAMILY OF LOSERS. Wouldn't that be good?
Sebastian: Are you sure about this? Scuttle: Have I ever been wrong? I mean when it's important! Flounder: What are we gon na do!? Ursula:. Before the sun sets on the third day. Sebastion: Ariel, grab on to that. Flounder, get her to that boat as fast as Flounder: I'll try. Sebastian: I've got ta get to the sea king. He must know about this. Scuttle: What - What about me? What about ME? Sebastian: You - find a way to STALL THAT WEDDING! Scuttle: Stall the wedding. Wh- what am I - what - that's it! Priest: Dearly beloved. Flounder: Don't worry Ariel. ugh - we - we're gon na make it. We're almost Priest: Yes, um, do you Eric, take Vanessa, to be your lawfully wedded wife, Eric: I do. Priest: Eh, and do you. Vanessa: Get away from me you slimy little- Oh, why you little- Eric: Ariel? Ariel: Eric. Eric: You - you can talk. You're the one. Vanessa: Eric, get away from her! Eric: It - it was you all the time. Ariel: Oh, Eric, I - I wanted to tell you. Vanessa: ERIC NO! Ursula: You're too late! You're too late! So long, loverboy. Eric: Ariel! Ursula: Poor little princess - it's not you I'm after. I've a much bigger fish Triton: Ursula, stop! Ursula: Why, King Triton! Ha ha ha - How ARE you? Triton: Let her go. Ursula: Not a chance, Triton! She's mine now. We made a deal. Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry! I - I - I didn't mean to. I didn't know - Ursula: You see? The contract's legal, binding and completely unbreakable - Grimsby: Eric! What are you doing? Eric: Grim, I lost her once. I'm not going to lose her again. Ursula: Now! Do we have a deal? Ha! It's done then. Ariel: No. Oh, No! Sebastion: Oh, your majesty. Ariel: Daddy?. Ursula: At last, it's mine. Ho, Ho. Ariel: You - You monster! Ursula: Don't fool with me you little brat! Contract or no- AAAAHH! Ariel: Eric! Eric look out! Ursula: After him! Sebastion: Come on!. Ursula: Say goodbye to your sweetheart. Ariel: Eric, you've got to get away from here. Eric: No, I won't leave you. Ursula: You pitiful, insignificant, fool! Eric: Look out! Ursula: Now I am the ruler of all the ocean! The waves obey my every whim! Ariel: ERIC! Ursula: So much for true love! Triton: She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian? Sebastian: Well, it's like I always say, Your Majesty. Children got to be free Triton: You - always say that? Then I guess there's just one problem Sebastian: And what's that, Your Majesty? Triton: How much I'm going to miss her. Sebastion: Yes, Thank you, thank you. Ariel: I love you Daddy. All: Now we can walk,
They're gon na blow my head off, you know. This is the last time I'll ever be pretty.
Suck my dick, every one of you bastards.
I let you touch me, cowboy. I think I need a bath.
It's not a fantasy, I'm in the fucking PTA.
Die screaming, motherfucker.
Don't give me an attitude, sir. You're assuming I won't shoot your sorry ass, and everyone knows when you make an assumption, you make an ass out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a'tude, jerkoff, I will see to it you spend the next ten years in prison getting ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown out because my arrest is too violent, then I will personally HIRE men to ass-fuck you for ten years. So if you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead and mouth off, but meanwhile you're under arrest for the crime of prostitution, now shut the fuck up before I cut out your kneecaps and use'em as ashtrays. Officer Donleavy, read him his rights.
Life is pain. Get used to it. See, you will ride this bike home, princess. You will ride it and you will not fall again, is that understood?
You couldn't hit a lake if you were standing on the bottom, now shut the fuck up.
It ain't over, motherfucker. You're gon na die screaming and I'm gon na watch. Am I telling the truth?
No,ma'am, it's just that. well, when we met you're all,'Oh, fooey, I burned the darn cupcakes.'Now, you go into a bar, ten minutes later sailors come running out, they can't take it.
Liking the angle of the dangle?
It was this secret government project. They did stuff to me. Spooky stuff. Anal stuff. Turned me into a dangerous Telekinetic. As the old saying goes - you don't start none. there won't be none.
Michael. are you freebasing? Inquiring minds want to know!
The one thing about livin'in Santa Carla I never could stomach. All the damn vampires.
Second shelf is mine. keep my root beers and double-thick Mint Oreo cookies there. Nobody touches the second shelf.
Why? They're only noodles.
You're a creature of the night, Michael! Just like the comic book. You're a vampire, Michael! My own brother, a godamn shit-sucking vampire! Wait'll Mom finds out!
Lucy, you're the only woman I ever knew didn't improve her situation by getting divorced.
Don't kill anybody until we get back to you.
I think I should warn you all: It's never pretty when a vampire buys it. No two bloodsuckers ever go out the same way. Some scream and yell. Some go quietly. Some < u > ex < /u > plode. Some < u > implode < /u >. But < u > all < /u > will try to take you with them.
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions. First, I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is. Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day. Second condition, my fee. You can keep it. All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs. A male. Buck only. Why and how are my business. If you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas. Okay?
Do you see any family resemblance here?
You like to have kids, you just don't want to be with them, do you?
Ajay. Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
NO! DON'T GO INTO THE LONG GRASS!
Last time I leave you in charge.
John Hammond.
No. But I do. You've muddled everything from the start. Kidnapping that child in Marrakesh.Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children kidnapped?
I'm sorry we were gone so long, Val, but we had to go and pick up Hank.
That's all right. We tried everything to got rid of them. We never thought of a Frenchman.
A man.a statesman.is to be killed.assassinated.in London.soon.very soon.tell them.in London.to try Ambrose Chappell.
.I'd hired the guy who did the least gabbing when he came in for an interview. But I guess the new man had only kept quiet because he was nervous; once he had the job, he talked from the minute I opened the shop in the morning.
Yeah, I worked in a barbershop. But I never considered myself a barber.
.What kind of man are you?
I don't care it's true, it's not true; it stinks. You say he was being blackmailed; by who? You don't know. For having an affair; with who? You don't know. Did anyone else know about it? Probably not; you don't know.
Japs had us pinned down in Buna for something like six weeks. Well, I got ta tell ya, I thought we had it tough, but, Jesus, we had supply. They were eating grubs, nuts, thistles. When we finally up and bust off the beach we found Arnie Bragg, kid missing on recon; the Japs had eaten the sonofabitch, if you'll pardon the, uh. And this was a scrawny, pimply kid too, nothin'to write home about. I mean, I never would've, ya know, so what do I say, honey? When I don't like dinner, what do I say?
.I just cut the hair.
All going about their business. It seemed like I knew a secret a bigger one even then what had really happened to Big Dave, something none of them knew.
.It was only a couple of weeks after we met that Doris suggested getting married. I said, Don't you wan na get to know me more? She said, Why, does it get better? She looked at me like I was a dope, which I've never really minded from her. And she had a point, I guess. We knew each other as well then as now.
My wife and I had not. performed the sex act in many years.
I visited a woman who was supposed to have powers in communicating with those who had passed across, as she called it. She said that people who passed across were picky about who they'd communicate with, not like most people you run into on this side.
.I'm all shot to hell.
.They got this guy, in Germany. Fritz something-or-other. Or is it. Maybe it's Werner. Anyway, he's got this theory, you wan na test something, you know, scientifically how the planets go round the sun, what sunspots are made of, why the water comes out of the tap well, you got ta look at it. But sometimes, you look at it, your looking changes it. Ya can't know the reality of what happened, or what would've happened if you hadden a stuck in your goddamn schnozz. So there is no'what happened.'Not in any sense that we can grasp with our puny minds. Because our minds. out minds get in the way. Looking at something changes it. They call it the'Uncertainty Principle.'Sure, it sounds screwy, but even Einstein says the guy's on to something.
Sooner or later everyone needs a haircut.
The assassin always dies, baby. It's necessary for the national healing.
Hello Captain. Do you remember me?
Somebody was in your head, with big steel- toe boots, a couple of cable cutters and a chainsaw, and they went to town! Neurons got wasted, circuits rewired, brain cells obliterated
Keys, Milo. Get the keys!
A fifty thousand dollar reward to the man who finds this'Mask'character before the cops do. Get the word out to every street hustler and low life in this town. I want him here. In my office. Alive. By tomorrow! Now get going!
You go out there and I'll blow your brains out!
That money better be where you said it was, Ipkiss or you can Ipkiss your ass goodbye.
Woah! What side of who's bed did you wake up on?
Of course. DO you know how hard it is to find a decent man in this town? Most of them think monogamy is some kind of wood.
I hate this place. This zoo. This prison. This reality, whatever you want to call it, I can't stand it any longer. It's the smell, if there is such a thing. I feel saturated by it. I can taste your stink and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it.
And tell me, Mr. Anderson, what good is a phone call iy you are unable to speak?
'The desert of the real.'
Find them and destroy them!
Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions.
I'm going to be as forthcoming as I can be, Mr. Anderson. You are here because we need your help.
Whoa! Shit, Neo, you scared the bejeezus out of ne.
The time has come to make a choice, Mr. Anderson. Either you choose to be at your desk on time from this day forth, or you choose to find yourself another job. Do I make myself clear?
Good shit, huh? Dozer makes it. It's good for two things: degreasing engines and killing brain cells.
Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.
Never send a human to do a machine's job.
You know, I know that this steak doesn't exist. I know when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious. After nine years, do you know what I've realized?
As you can see, we've had our eye on you for some time now, Mr. Anderson.
What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
Remember that all I am offering is the truth. Nothing more.
Welcome to the real world!
Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out of here!
The silence of the goats.
Now, more than ever, we need the Supermen.
Every single one of Bill's men fired high. They instinctively hadn't wanted to shoot another person. Later Bill would come across a study by General S.L.A Marshall, which revealed that only 15-20 percent of fresh soldiers shot to kill. The rest aimed high, didn't fire at all, or pretended to be busy doing something else.
More of this is true than you would believe.
This just keeps gettin, better and better.
Here I come, laddies!
Stupid superstitious bastard.
Don't you close that door! DON'T YOU
Abdul? Mohammed? Bob?
MisterO'Connell, can you look me in the eye, and guarantee me this is not some sort of flimflam? Because if it is, I'm warning you
We are in serious trouble.
It is better to be the right hand of the Devil,. than in his path. As long as I serve him, I am immune.
They didn't, they buried him at the foot of Anubis. He was either someone of great importance. Or he did something very naughty.
Forget it, we're out the door down the hall and gone.
Death is only the beginning.
I only gamble with my life, never my money.
You really thought you were going to find it?
You think he'll ever want to kiss me again?
From the time they make the call, the police can have the center of the city sealed tight in fifteen minutes.
Lord, You sure knowed what You was doin'when You brung me to this very cell at this very time. A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewheres, and a widder in the makin'.
OPEN THAT DOOR, YOU SPAWN OF THE DEVIL'S OWN STRUMPET!
It's a hard world for little things.
Salvation is a last-minute business, boy.
I feel clean now! My whole body's just a-quivering with cleanness!
John, you know? When you're little, you have more endurance than God is ever to grant you again? Children are Man at his strongest. They abide.
That's right, Preacher. I robbed that bank because I got tired of seein'children roamin'the woodlands without food, children roamin'the highways in this year of Depression, children sleepin'in old abandoned car bodies on junk-heaps; and I promised myself I'd never see the day when my youngins'd want.
You was lookin'for love, Ruby, the only foolish way you knowed how.
She'll not be back. I reckon I'd be safe in promising you that.
A woman's a fool to marry for that. It's something for a man. The good Lord never meant for a decent woman to want that, not really want it! It's all just a fake and a pipe dream..
Women is such fools!
When you're married forty years, you know all that don't amount to a hill o'beans! I been married to my Walt that long, and I'd swear in all that time I'd just lie there thinking about my canning.
NO, no, my lamb. Don't touch it! Now, don't touch my knife! That makes me mad. Very, very mad.
They abide and they endure.
Looky there. She'll be losin'her mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon, and like as not I'll be saddled with the consequences.
No, There are too many of them; you can't kill the world.
That boy's as stubborn and mulish as a sheep!
Man o'my years needs a little snort to get his boiler heated of a morning.
But there are things you do hate, Lord: perfume-smellin'things, lacy things, things with curly hair
I hear you whisperin', children, so I know you're down there. I can feel myself gettin'awful mad, children.
Interesting reaction.but what does it mean?
Won't they be impressed, I am a genius See how I transformed this old rat Into a most delightful hat
Hello, police. Attacked by Xmas toys? That's strange. That's the second toy complaint we've had.
Release me fast or you will have to Answer for this heinous act
Bumpy sleigh ride, Jack? The next time you get the urge to take over someone else's holiday, I'd listen to her! She's the only one who makes any sense around this insane asylum! Skeletons.
The king of Halloween has been blown to smithereens. Skeleton Jack is now a pile of dust.
'T was a long time ago, longer now than it seems, in a place that perhaps you've seen in your dreams. For the story that you are about to be told, took place in the holiday worlds of old. Now, you've probably wondered where holidays come from. If you haven't, I'd say it's time you begun.
Kidnap the Sandy Claws Throw him in a box Bury him for ninety years Then see if he talks
What a joy to think of all we'll have in common. We'll have conversations worth having.
You've poisoned me for the last time you wretched girl.
Eureka! This year, Christmas will be ours!
I am the shadow on the moon at night Filling your dreams to the brim with fright
I peeked behind the Cyclops's eye. I did! But he wasn't there.
Jack, but they said you were dead. You must be double dead. Well come on bone man.
Now look what you've done. My bugs, my bugs, my bugs, bye bye bye
Well, that's just fine Say it once, say it twice Take the chance and roll the dice Ride with the moon in the dead of night
Nice work, Bone Daddy.
Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust. Oh, I'm feeling weak.with hunger. One more roll of the dice oughta do it. Haha What! Snake eyes. Eleven! Haha looks like I won the jackpot! Bye bye doll face and sandman. Ha, ha, ha What the.
How dare you treat my friends so shamefully.
What a splendid idea This Christmas sounds fun I fully endorse it Let's try it at once
No Zero, down boy. My what a brilliant nose you have. The better to light my way! To the head of the team, Zero! We're off!
Okay, yes. He totalled a car. But it was an environmentally friendly car. Why doesn't that get reported?
Then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river or just sit for hours gazing into each other's eyes. We were so very much in love. Then one day he went away and I thought I'd die. But I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself,'Is that all there is to love?'
On a scale of one to ten, you belong with the Nines. We both know you won't settle for less.
No! No. This isn't a murder. It's an intervention.
Oh. Hey. Look, I'm not some crazy Ted Bundy guy. I'm not going to rape you or kill you or anything.
Do you feel like a man? Because I'll tell you a secret.
But if you fuck this up, I will smash your ankles with a sledge hammer.
He's not coming back.
Risk nothing, you gain nothing.
Look at you! Younger than me. More beautiful than me. Married before me. I am eclipsed. I am just the`Other Boleyn Girl.'
But to get ahead in this world, you need more than fair looks and a kind heart.
They will take it as proof that I can not bear children. That I am cursed by God. And should be dispensed with.
hen was it that people stopped thinking of ambition as a sin, and started thinking of it as a virtue?
omehow I need to make him understand that it is a fair price for a legitimate heir.
You'd better get used to talking about it. Once you sleep with the king, it's not a private matter any more.
From now on, you do things our way, no highway option!
Just. had eyebrows. done.
That stuff doesn't hurt.
I'm a parent, I don't have the luxury of principles.
Would you like a lesson in the rules of war?
Sell this. Food's more important than time.
Twenty zlotys. That's all we've got left. What can I buy with twenty zlotys? I'm sick of cooking potatoes, potatoes, potatoes.
I told her not to worry. You had your papers on you. If you'd been hit by a bomb, they'd have known where to take you.
And what do you think you'll do while you're setting up a new line of defence? Wander round lugging your suitcases?
Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe in the whole world. Wladyslaw Szpilman. Meet Majorek.
Two thousand. My advice is to take it. What you going to do when you're hungry? Eat the piano?
To tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
Majorek used to be in the army. Brilliant man. He's got a mind like a searchlight. The only thing I've got against him is he's not a socialist. You'd better go now, Wladek. It's nearly curfew. You see these, Wladek? You know how many copies we print of our newspaper?
A bridge, a schmidge, and the Germans claim to be intelligent. You know what I think? I think they're totally stupid. I've got a family to feed and I spend half my time here waiting for them to let us through.
Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see!
What a death! What a chance! What a surprise! My will has chosen life!? Still it has had me spooked and many others besides!
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch. And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
Undo your dress. This part, I want to see your arms.
At night! I think of my piano in its ocean grave, and sometimes of myself floating above it. Down there everything is so still and silent that it lulls me to sleep. It is a weird lullaby and so it is; it is mine.
I am giving the piano back to you. I've had enough. The arrangement is making you a whore and me wretched. I want you to care for me, but you can't.
I want to lie together without clothes on. How many would that be?
The question, Landon, is not so much where we are as when we are.
What evidence? No weapons were found in the cave.
Would you like to come along?
Well, you know what they say. Human see, human do.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll?'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.'
You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone. You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one. Guards!
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
Dr. Zaius! Would an ape make a human doll that talks?
All right. Get in.hurry. Put this on.
Because you are a man. And you were right, I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him, even himself.
'Beware the beast man, for he is the devil's pawn. Alone among God's primates, he kills for sport, or lust or greed. Yes, he will murder his brother to possess his brother's land. Let him not breed in great numbers, for he will make a desert of his home and yours. Shun him. Drive him back into his jungle lair: For he is the harbinger of death'.
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
Get away from me, you dirty ape!
Don't make me use this.
I was at the Battle of Georgetown. I watched the White House burn to the ground. Don't try to sell me on any restored U.S.
Tell me something, Ford. How much mail can a dead postman deliver? It's over.
I have a feeling about you. I know you'll do what's right.
You have nothing to fight for. You don't care about anything. You don't value anything. You don't believe in anything. That's what makes me better.
Your daughter. Her name is Hope.
It's got to be the uniform.
Wouldn't it be great if wars could be fought just by the assholes who started them? We could settle this thing right here. You and me.
You made Mrs. March feel like she could see again. You made Ford feel like he was part of the world. You give out hope like it was candy in your pocket.
Law Three: Mercy is for the weak. Four: Terror will defeat reason. Five: Your allegiance is to the clan. Six: Justice can be dictated. Law Seven. Any clansman may challenge for leadership of the clan. Does any man here wish to challenge me?
Once more into the breach, dear friends, once more. Or close the wall with our dead. In peace nothing so becomes a man as modesty and humility. But when the blast of war blows in our ears, then imitate the action of the tiger.
The restored United States. Do these people really believe that shit? Who are you really?
As you know, the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Well, really, that's all this is. Except that instead of sucking water, I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five, but I really don't know what that would do to you. So, let's just start with what we have. What did this do to you? Tell me. And remember, this is for posterity, so be honest, how do you feel?
We are men of action. Lies do not become us.
Well, Roberts had grown so rich, he wanted to retire. So he took me to his cabin and told me his secret.'I am not the Dread Pirate Roberts,'he said.'My name is Ryan. I inherited this ship from the previous Dread Pirate Roberts, just as you will inherit it from me. The man I inherited it from was not the real Dread Pirate Roberts, either.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
There will be blood tonight!
There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
You must be that little Spanish brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. It's simply incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life only to fail now? I think that's the worst thing I ever heard. How marvelous.
I will never love again.
I do not budge. Keep your'Ho there.'
You be careful. people in masks can not be trusted.
Kill the dark one and the giant, but leave the third for questioning.
That was a warning, Highness. The next time, my hand flies on its own. For where I come from, there are penalties when a woman lies.
You mocked me once, never do it again, I died that day!
Look! He's right on top of us. I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
They're kissing again, do we have to hear the kissing part?
I don't envy you the headache you will have when you awake. But, in the meantime, rest well. and dream of large women.
My dear Mrs. Hudson, criminals are as unpredictable as head-colds. You never quite know when you're going to catch one.
We all have occasional failures. Fortunately, Dr. Watson never writes about mine.
You have given the reader the distinct impression that I am a misogynist. Actually, I don't dislike women, I merely distrust them. The twinkle in the eye and the arsenic in the soup.
Some of us are cursed with memories like flypaper. And stuck there is a staggering of miscellaneous date, mostly useless.
From the sound of your footsteps, I gathered that you were not in a particularly amiable mood.
Thank you, Bloom. I knew I could con you.
Well, you know what they say,'Smile and the world smiles with you.'Heh, heh. The man should be in a straight jacket. Feeling better?
Shut up. I'm having a rhetorical conversation. How humiliating. Max Bialystock. Max Bialystock.
Higher, you animals, higher! We open Saturday night! Kick! Kick! Two-three-kick-turn! Two-three- kick-turn! Okay, let's hear it!
'SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER, A Gay Romp with Adolph and Eva in Berchtesgarten.'Fantastic!
Oh, I fell on my keys. I've got to get out of here.
'Congratulations. Hitler will run forever.'
It's not cheating. It's charity. Bloom, look at me. look at me! I'm drowning. Other men sail through life. Bialystock has struck a reef. Bloom, I'm going under. I am being sunk by a society that demands success, when all I can offer is failure. Bloom, I'm reaching out to you. Don't send me to jail. Help! Help!
I'm in pain! And I'm wet! And I'm still hysterical!
Money is honey, money is honey.
You have exactly ten seconds to change that disgusting look of pity into one of enormous respect. One. Two.
How could this happen? I was so careful. I picked the wrong play, the wrong director, the wrong cast. Where did I go right? We forgot one important, Bloom. Adolf Hitler always drew a crowd.
Wait a minute. This is a very big decision. It might effect the course of my entire life. I'll have to think about it. I'll do it.
'Springtime for Hitler,'etc.
Lorenzo Saint DuBois. But everybody calls me LSD.
That's exactly why we want to do this play. To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
All right, defense. Let's get evil. Kill'em all, let the paramedics sort'em out.
Yes! Starting defense. Place at the table. Whooo! Yes!
O.K. time to put the women and children to bed, and go looking for dinner.
You little pest, do you have any idea how hard it is to get one of those?
Never trust a fucking angel.
I don't love you.
Larry Ferris! Don't make me call your mother!
And don't let him outside, or the eagles will snatch him.
Hurry up, dear. Getting cold.
You know when you get it wrong, you REALLY get it wrong. That woman has given her whole life in service to her people - fifty years doing a job she NEVER wanted - a job she watched kill her father. She's executed it with dignity, honour and, as far as I can tell, without a single blemish - and now we line up baying for her blood - why? Because she's struggling to lead the world in mourning for a woman who threw everything she offered back in her face, and who seemed, in the last few years, to be committed twenty-four seven to destroy everything she holds dear.
Mr'Saviour of the Monarchy.'
God. Will someone save these people from themselves.
Where do they find these people?
You don't have the power to upset me. You don't matter enough to upset me.
The notion of secrecy is central to Western literature. You may say the whole idea of character in fiction is defined by people holding specific information which for various reasons - sometimes perverse, sometimes noble - they are determined not to disclose.
'Danger will only increase my love, it will sharpen it, it will give it spice. I'll be the only angel you need. On this arm, Luise, you will go dancing through life. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say`Only one thing can make a soul complete, and that thing is love.'
I was 15, I was coming home from school, I was ill. A
It doesn't matter what I think. It doesn't matter what I feel. The dead are still dead.
Somebody tell me! Where is it now?
Actually, less than two minutes. I was a rookie third round pick in'93. We were playing Atlanta in the home opener. Near the end of the first quarter, they sent me in, I took a screen pass over the middle and got hit by both linebackers. Simultaneously. One a
According to the Redskins, Ray Smith. is. that's weird. No college given, no high school given. It just says he's been a resident of the state of Maryland for the last four years and five months. Likes to embroider.
I knew this was coming. This or something like it.
If I were God I would have made the world just so and no different. And so I have you. I have you.
I tell him: When you dream about bad things happening it shows you're still fighting. You're still alive. It's when you start to dream about good things you should start to worry.
Thank-you very fucking much, Mr. Mason, you've led us to a room with no exit.
You know how this shit works?
Do you have some unique knowledge of this prison facility, Commander Mason?
You're on a need to know basis and you don't need to know.
You have a made a terrible mistake and more of our brothers have died in vain. Let's not repeat this.
Careful. The second you don't respect this, it kills you.
Everybody shoved him, I very nearly loved him. I said, hey listen to me, Stay sane inside insanity. But he locked the door And threw away the key.
Don't dream it. Be it.
Science Fiction - double-feature Frank has built and lost his creature Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet The servants gone to a distant planet Oh - at the late night double-feature Picture Show - I want to go - Ohh - To the late night double-feature picture show.
Touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me. I wan na be dirty. Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me. Creature of the night.
My wheels - My God, I can't move my wheels.
I'm just a sweet Transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
I'll tell you once, Won't tell you twice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss.
Ach, we've got to get out of this trap before this decadence saps our wills. I've got to be strong and try to hang on. Or else my mind, may well snap.
I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey.
Slowly, slowly. It's too nice a job to rush.
Science Fiction - double-feature Dr X will build a creature See Androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh - at the late night, double-feature Picture Show.
Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever.
Over at the Frankenstein place.
'Emotion'. Mental agitation - an excited state of. It is also an irrational and powerful master and from what Janet had witnessed on the monitor, there seemed to be little doubt that she was indeed its slave.
I've seen blue skies Through the tears in my eyes And I realise I'm going home I'm going home
The Master is not yet married. Nor do I think he ever will be. We are simply his servants.
What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same.
And crawling on the planet's face Some insects called the human race Lost in time, and lost in space And meaning.
My God! I can't take any more of this - first you spurn me for Eddie, then you cast him off like an old overcoat for Rocky. You chew people up and then spit them out - I loved you, do you hear me - I LOVED YOU - And what did it get me - I'll tell you - a big nothing. You're like a sponge. You take, take, take, take! You drain others of their love and emotions. Well, I've had enough. You've got to choose between me and Rocky - so named because of the rocks in his head.
Ah, hi. My name is Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss. You are.
Oh no my baby - don't be upset - it was a mercy killing. He had a certain naive charm - but no muscle.
Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll
You're lucky, I'm lucky, we're all lucky.
Dammit, Janet.
But a deltoid And a bicep, A hot groin And a tricep Makes me - ooh - Shake. Makes me want To take Charles Atlas By the ha-and.
You're not listening.
Did you bring the plastic men?
Man'll say a lot of thing when he's sporting weasel food for a pecker.
I figger a man's only good for one oath at a time. I took mine to the Confederate States of America. So did you, Reverend.
That tears it, Reverend. From now on, you keep out. All of you!. I don't want you with me. I don't need you. for what I got to do!
I tell you, young lady, when a thing like this comes up, you've got to go to the police. What do you think people pay taxes for? I ain't just to keep us chasing after crooks and regulating traffic. We're supposed to help everybody. You gotto go to the police about your sister, Miss.
You can take either stairway, I prefer the left - the sinister side.
You're not a dipsomaniac at your age?
As a man, you distrust me - perhaps you believe me as a physician.
I'm a terrible failure, Mary,, a book clerk by day and a poet by night, and not a very good one - but if you'll trust me, at this one thing I won't fail I'll find your sister.
I feel like an idiot fainting in a stranger's office.
Your sister had many friends but they were not my friends. I was only the manager of her plant.
I'm sorry. I don't practice any more. I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to others.
He was a kind little man in his way and I made him go down that hall into the darkness. I made him do it.
Know her! My dear, we were intimate! The times we used to have together! I bet she never told you about that, you're too young.
.so I'm backin'out the door, right? Had the TV like this. Big ol'thing. Couldn't see shit. Suddenly, here's this voice: Freeze kid! Hands in the air! Well I just stand there holdin'on to that TV, so the voice says:'You hear what I said, boy?'And I say, Yes sir, I sure did! But if I drop this fuckin'thing, you got me on destruction of property too!
Every man's got a breaking point.
Thirty years I've been asking permission to piss. I can't squeeze a drop without say-so.
Red, I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
.and Bogs never walked again. They transferred him to a minimum security hospital upstate. To my knowledge, he lived out the rest of his days drinking his food through a straw.
Dufresne? Get your ass out here, boy! You're holding up the show! Don't make me come down there now! I'll thump your skull for you!
If you wanted a toothbrush, I wouldn't ask questions. I'd just quote a price. A toothbrush, see, is a non-lethal sort of object.
I understand you're a man who knows how to get things.
I'd hate to deprive you of this. Salvation lies within.
Get this tub of shit down to the infirmary. If I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night, by God and Sonny Jesus, you'll all visit the infirmary. Every last motherfucker here.
You could argue he'd done it to curry favor with the guards. Or maybe make a few friends among us cons. Me, I think he did it just to feel normal again.if only for a short while.
Andy Dufresne, who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side. Andy Dufresne, headed for the Pacific.
I could see why some of the boys took him for snobby. He had a quiet way about him, a walk and a talk that just wasn't normal around here. He strolled. like a man in a park without a care or worry. Like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place. Yes, I think it would be fair to say I liked Andy from the start.
What's your malfunction you fat fuckin'barrel of monkey-spunk?
That's funny. You're gon na look funnier suckin'my dick with no fuckin'teeth.
Sure. When I got a long white beard and about three marbles left rolling around upstairs.
Man likes to play chess. Let's get him some rocks.
Never seen such a sorry-lookin'heap of maggot shit in my life.
I like to think the last thing that went through his head.other than that bullet.was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
Lord! It's a miracle! Man up and vanished like a fart in the wind! Nothin'left but some damn rocks on the windowsill and that cupcake on the wall! Let's ask her! Maybe she knows! What say there, Fuzzy- Britches? Feel like talking? Guess not. Why should you be different?
I must admit I didn't think much of Andy first time I laid eyes on him. He might'a been important on the outside, but in here he was just a little turd in prison grays. Looked like a stiff breeze could blow him over. That was my first impression of the man.
His first night in the joint, Andy Dufresne cost me two packs of cigarettes. He never made a sound.
I and others have come to believe. that your heart is not in this, that you haven't the belly for it.
Do you have the slightest idea what a moral and ethical principal is? Do you?
Come and play with us, Danny.
Yeah. It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place. I tell you, when we first came up here, I thought it was kinda scarey.
You son of a bitch! You did this to him,
Danny's not here, Mrs. Torrance.
The police eh. they thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin-fever, a kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are
Here's to five miserable months on the wagon and all the irreparable harm that it's caused me.
Remember what Mr. Halloran said. It's just like pictures in a book, Danny. It isn't real.
Danny, I can't get out!
A little slow tonight, isn't it?
You've got a big surprise coming to you.
Right, I'll just set my bourbon and advocaat down right there.
Great party, isn't it?
Hi, I've got an appointment with Mr. Ullman. My name is Jack Torrance.
Larry, just between you and me, we've got a very serious problem with the people who are taking care of the place. They've turned out to be completely unreliable assholes. Ullman phoned me last night, and I'm supposed to go up there and find out if they have to be replaced.
I haven't laid a hand on him. Goddam it, I didn't. I wouldn't touch one hair of his goddam little head. I love the little son-of-a- bitch.
Y'know. Yer do have the sense God gave a doughnut.
.Twelve hours after the President gives the word we can be on the ground. One light infantry division of ten thousand seven hundred men. Elements of the Rapid Deployment Force combined with Special Forces, Delta. APC's, tanks, helicopters. And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 assault rifle, a humble weapon until you see a man carrying one outside your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade.
Only the crazies. I tend to be suspicious of all true believers. Present company included.
We're the CIA, something always goes wrong.
You think I want to lose them. Where do you get off talking that shit. If I don't take'em down properly they'll be on the street two hours from now. I could find dynamite, semtex, plutonium and a book of matches in there and unless I've got the right warrant it's all inadmissible
The Army is a broadsword not a scalpel. You do not want us in an American city.
Hub. I think we're all eager to give up our weekends on this. It just occurs to me, has anybody even committed a crime here? I mean, assault with a deadly color?
It's easy to choose between right and wrong. What's hard is choosing the wrong that's more right. I just want to make it all. a little. better. Ignore me. I'm shitfaced.
In this game, the most committed wins.
You don't fight a junkyard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is take the leash off your own, bigger, meaner dog.
And no card-carrying member of the ACLU is more deadset against it. than I am. Which is why I urge you. no, I implore you not to consider this option.
You were keeping her sick.
I wasn't thinking anything bad about you, got it?
Silence village idiot! Let the boy step forward.
Don't look at me. I don't like people looking at me like that.
I want to tell you my secret now.
Look at my face, Cole.
Anna Crowe. I am in love. In love I am.
I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.
I would not like it in a mug. I would not like it in a jug.
.De profundis clamo ad te domine.
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Do you know why you're scared when you're alone?
Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time.
Yes! I think that's right!. I think they all want that. Even the scary ones.
Did he have wavy hair and broad shoulders?
If we could change something in your life, anything at all, what would you like that to be?
Stuttering Stanley! Stuttering Stanley!
I didn't know you were funny.
Come on. I'll show you where my dad keeps his gun. Come on.
You can't hurt me anymore!
Sorry I'm late boys. I was takin'a crap.
Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something. I already know how to drink.
You were right, Henry. It's not enough. But it's close.
Sit down and shut up, will ya. Try not to live up to all my expectations. We were told you know a hustle artist named Johnny Hooker.
Nothing. We made it to the hospital. I didn't have to go as far as I was prepared to. But I was prepared to go all the way.
You'd make a great poker player, kid.
Serve the nuts - I mean, serve the guests the nuts.
Don't make a move or that dog will tear you to shreds!
And the murderer is right here in this room tonight. he's sitting at this table. You may serve the fish.
I love you, Nickie,'cause you know such lovely people!
Haven't you heard the news? I'm a gentleman now.
What's that man doing in my drawers?
I just can't believe this voodoo bullshit. You believe this voodoo bullshit, Blair?
Anybody touches me. we go.
Was wondering when'El Capitan'was going to get a chance to use his pop gun.
I don't know what the hell's in there, but it's weird and pissed off, whatever it is.
I know you gentlemen have been through a lot. But when you find the time. I'd rather not spend the rest of the winter tied to this couch.
Maybe we at war with Norway.
You guys going to let him give orders? I mean he could be one of those Things.
I make comic faces, and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs, and tell all sorts of jokes.I wouldn't stand a chance, would I?
Do you know - you ought to find yourself a girl.
We should have dug deeper than a grave.
# NAME?
That's a nice girl that, but she ought to go careful in Vienna. Everybody ought to go careful in a city like this.
Already in hell or in heaven.
A person doesn't change because you find out more.
Come on,d'Artagnan. We haven't got all night.
A remarkable woman. The most beautiful I've ever known. And the deadliest. Which would explain my attraction. How is our young daredevil holding up?
There was a time when I would've given my life for a kind word.
By joint edict of His Majesty King Louis XIII and His Eminence Cardinal Richelieu, the Musketeers are officially disbanded. In preparation for the coming war with England, your ranks and commissions are hereby transferred to the Infantry. You will be contacted and told where to report. Until that time, you are instructed to return to your homes.
The King's life in danger. We have work to do.
That's it. Next time, you drive.
When I speak of time, I'm referring to the fourth dimension.
We've become increasingly frustrated watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts. no cue cards. It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine. That's how he can support an entire channel.
Ahhh. Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala we used to make fresh coffee. Right off the trees I mean. That was good. This is shit, but hey.
There's nothing in there about Ruby.
How do I know that? How about it, pretzel-man? What's your story?
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
IT'S NOT PAYBACK. I don't answer to you. + It's precaution. You want payback? You want to run? I don't care. I'm going to finish this thing. Not for Fenster, not for anybody else, but for me. This Kobayashi cocksucker isn't going to stand over me. All of you can go to hell.
HELLO? Can you hear me in the back? P.C.
The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. No pity.
The first thing I learned on the job, know what it was? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. Put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever is sleeping is your man. If you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest - let your guard down, you follow?
Forget it.I'11 probably shit blood tonight.
It didn't make sense that I be there. I mean these guys were hard-core hijackers, but there I was. At that point, I wasn't scared, f knew I hadn't done anything they could do me for. Besides, it was fun. I got to make like I was notorious.
He was dead just long enough for a murder rap to blow over, then he had lunch.
Get your rest, Gentlemen. The boat will be ready for you on Friday. If I see you or your friends before then, or fail to check in every half hour with that unpleasant looking man in there, Ms. Finneran will find herself the victim of a gruesome violation before she dies. As will your father, Mr. Hockney. and your Uncle Randall in Arizona, Mr. Kint. I might only castrate Mr. McManus'nephew, David. Do I make myself clear?
& lt; & lt; Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life you idiot. Keyser Soze. Do you at least understand that? Keyser Soze. The Devil himself. Or are you American policemen io stupid that you haven't even heard of him. Keyser Soze, you ridiculous man. KEYSER SOZE. & gt; & gt;
There's no coke.
Keaton always said: & quot; I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him. & quot; Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser SOZE.
I just can't believe we're just gon na walk into certain death.
It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back?
And that was how we started. McManus came to us with the job; Fenster got the vans; Hockney supplied the hardware;'I came through with how to do it so no one got killed - but Keaton - Keaton put on the finishing touch. A little & quot; Fuck you & quot; from the five of us to the N.Y.P.D.
You tell me, Agent Kujan. If I told you the Loch Ness Monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?
After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in. He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form. And he told me to change the form. He told me to change the one to a nine. Or else, or else, he said. He said he'd fire me. He said I'd never work again. Who were these men? Who were these men? I wanted to be a nurse.
I know how you feel. I know you don't believe me, but I do. I'm going to tell you something I learned when I was your age. I had prepared a case. Mr. White asked me,'How did you do.'I said,'I've done my best.'He said,'They don't pay you to do your best. They pay you to win.'That's what pays for this office. And that's what pays for the pro bono work that we do for the poor. And for the kind of law that you want to practice. And that's what pays for your clothes and my whiskey, and the leisure that we have to sit back and discuss philosophy. As we're doing tonight. We're paid to win the case.
You know, so much of the time we're lost. We say,'Please, God, tell us what is right. Tell us what's true. There is no justice. The rich win, the poor are powerless.'We become tired of hearing people lie. After a time we become dead. A little dead. We start thinking of ourselves as victims. And we become victims. And we become weak. and doubt ourselves, and doubt our institutions. and doubt our beliefs. we say for example,'The law is a sham. there is no law. I was a fool for having believed there was.'But today you are the law. You are the law. And not some book and not the lawyers, or the marble statues and the trappings of the court. all that they are is symbols. Of our desire to be just. All that they are, in effect, is a prayer. a fervent, and a frightened prayer.
You guys, you guys, you're all the same. The Doctors at the hospital, you. it's'What I'm going to do for you'; but you screw up it's'We did the best that we could. I'm dreadfully sorry.'And people like me live with your mistakes the rest of our lives.
Well, maybe you better do that, then. You know you guys are all the same. You don't care who gets hurt. You're a bunch of whores. You'd do anything for a dollar. You got no loyalty. no nothing. you're a bunch of whores.
I don't have a week. This case never should have come to trial. You know better. You're Mr. Independent. You want to be independent? Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
Great. Thanks. I'll keep my pants on.
No, Im fine, really. Nothing a bottle of Jack and a straight razor cant fix.
Please, Mom. This is not the time to be yourself.
I look like a total wanker, dont I?
Its true. All you have in common is that you both secretly want to be me. Cheers.
Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an amp?
Ladies, thank you for granting me this rare glimpse into a timeless female ritual. To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you.
A room full of friends, family, enemies.watching, smiling, betting on how long the marriage will last. All youll have is each other and whatever skills you acquire today.
Id rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
So youre telling me. If something had happened last night.it would have cost me fourteen hundred dollars? Thats a down payment on a Ford Focus!
Ill teach you a trick. If you look people in the eye, theyll never even notice what you have on.
Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were running out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing. Maybe now youll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin your next relationship.
If they move, kill them. C.L. grins happily and squats on the floor, his 12 gauge pump shotgun angled up at:
# NAME?
Well, how'd you like to kiss my sister's black cat's ass. Harrigan fires. C.L. slumps, goes down on the other knee. More bounty hunters burst into the room.
What I like and what I. need are two different things.
Leviticus. 10.9. Do not drink wine or strong drink thou, nor thy sons with thee least ye die. It shall be a statute forever. Look. not though. upon. the. wine when it. is red when it giveth his color in the cup when it moveth itself aright at the last it biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder.
Not so hard, we all dream of being a-child again, even the worst of us, perhaps the worst most of all.
Well, what would you do with a brain if you had one?
Home! And this is my room, and you're all here! And I'm not going to leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all! And, Oh, Auntie Em, there's no place like home!
As Coroner, I must aver I thoroughly examined her. And she's not only merely dead, She's really, most sincerely dead.
Professor Marvel never guesses, he knows! Now, why are you running away?
Oh, unusual weather we're having, ain't it?
How about a little fire, Scarecrow?
Where do you want to be oiled first?
.up! Which one of you first? I'll fight you both together if you want! I'll fight you with one paw tied behind my back. I'll fight you standing on one foot.
Better get under cover, Sylvester, there's a storm blowing up, a whopper, to speak in the vernacular of the peasantry. Poor little kid, I hope she gets home all right.
She isn't coming yet, Toto. Did she hurt you? She tried to, didn't she? Come on - - we'll go tell Uncle Henry and Auntie Em. Come on, Toto.
Well, ring around the rosy, a pocket full of spears! Thought you'd be pretty foxy, didn't you? Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
From the rock-bound coast of Maine to the Sun. oh - oh, no, ah - Well, be that as it may. Back where I come from we have universities, seats of great learning, where men go to become great thinkers. And when they come out, they think deep thoughts, and with no more brains than you have. But! They have one thing you haven't got! A diploma!
My,! People come and go so quickly here! Follow the Yellow Brick Road. Follow the Yellow Brick Road?
Ohhh, you cursed brat! Look what you've done! I'm melting! Melting! Oh - - what a world, what a world! Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness!? Ohhh! Look out! Look out! I'm going. Ohhhh! Ohhhhhh.
Come on, everybody in the storm cellar!
.that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
.of the Great and Powerful Oz! I said - - come back tomorrow!
Orders are, nobody can see the Great Oz! Not nobody, not nohow!
.back where I come from there are men who do nothing all day but good deeds. They are called phil.er, er, phil, er, yes.good-deed-doers. And their hearts are no bigger than yours. But! They have one thing you haven't got! A testimonial!
Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean you have the power to run the rest of us! For twenty- three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you! And now, well, being a Christian woman, I can't say it!
.attention to that man behind the curtain. Go - before I lose my temper! The Great and Powerful..
Well, I, I, I am the Great and Powerful, Wizard of Oz.
Oh! Lions and tigers and bears!
I can fairly hear my heart beating!
To confer, converse, and otherwise hob- nob with my brother wizards. And I hereby decree that until what time, if any, that I return, the Scarecrow, by virtue of his highly superior brains, shall rule in my stead.assisted by the Tin Man, by virtue of his magnificent heart.and the Lion, by virtue of his courage! Obey them as you would me! And - ah - well, that's all.
Frightened? You are talking to a man who has laughed in the face of death, sneered at doom and chuckled at catastrophe. I was petrified. Then suddenly the wind changed, and the balloon floated down into the heart of this noble city, where I was instantly acclaimed Oz, the First Wizard de Luxe!
.Ain't it the truth! Ain't it the truth!
I think I'll miss you most of all.
What a nice little dog! And you, my dear. What an unexpected pleasure!
Oh, Oh, shucks, folks, I'm speechless!
Oh, rubbish! You have no power here. Be gone, before somebody drops a house on you, too.
But maybe you'd better not. I've got a witch mad at me, and you might get into trouble.
Only bad witches are ugly.
It means uncommon beauty is commonly overlooked. Most people only notice birds with the brightest colors.
James. You can't kill me. Not in cold blood.
She's waiting for you.
But then again.There is no point in living if youcan't.feel alive.
A man tires of being executed.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
Trust no one, Mr. Mulder.
I need this building evacuated and cleared out in ten minutes! I need you to get on the phone and tell the fire department to block off the city center in one mile radius around the building
You saved me, Scully. As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing. I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win.
I don't believe the FBI currently has an investigation unit qualified to pursue the evidence in hand.
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
I swear, before yesterday, neither one of us would have ever pulled a stunt like this. But if you ever met my husband, you'd know why I just can. You wan na step out of the car, please? You wan na put your hands on your head, please? Louise, shoot the radio.
Just for the future, when a woman's crying like that, she's not having any fun!
Louise. no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
You let her go, you fat fucking asshole, or I'm gon na splatter your ugly face all over this nice car.
You know, certain words and phrases just keep floating through my mind, things like incarceration, cavity search, life imprisonment, death by electrocution, that sort of thing. So, come out alive? I don't know. Let us think about that.
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience.
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
Well, if she calls, just be gentle. Like you're happy to hear from her. You know, like you really miss her. Women love that shit.
No. You've always been crazy. This is just the first chance you've had to really express yourself.
Come on, Louise. Don't blow it. Let's go.
Mary, you seen my baseball?
You're gon na pay, fucker.
Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker.
When I was sixteen years old I fell in love.
You fucking prick, we had a deal you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture. You crossed the line, man.
That she knew my name blew my mind. Some of my best friends didn't know my name.
You are in the courtroom of world opinion right now, and you can answer yes or no. You have denied they exist, and I want to know if I have understood you correctly.
Every day the sun comes up. says something about us.
I just checked myself. They're being issued identity cards. Call comes, and evacuation officers meet them at pre-arranged departure areas. They go by helicopter to Mount Weather. We meet them there.
All right, sir. Let me ask you one simple question. Do you, Ambassador Zorin, deny that the U.S.S.R. has placed and is placing medium and intermediate range missiles and sites in Cuba? Yes or no - don't wait for the translation - yes or no?
We were eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked.
We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock'em up together in there, kick'em in the ass til they come up with options.
I'll whistle up some luck for you.
Those goddamn Kennedys are going to destroy this country if we don't do something about this.
We knew it was coming. I tell you, Kenny, these brass hats have one big advantage. We do what they want us to, none of us will be alive to tell'em they were wrong.
We've worked up several military scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike, we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are, I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
If the sun rises in the morning, it is only because of men of goodwill. And that's all there is between us and the Devil.
We have heard stories that some among your military men wish for war. You are a good man. Your brother is a good man. I assure you there are other good men. Let us hope the will of good men is enough to counter the terrible strength of this thing which has been put in motion.
For the last fifteen years, I have fought here at this table along side your predecessors in the struggle against the Soviet. Gentlemen, I do not wish to seem melodramatic, but I do wish to impress upon you one observation with all conceivable sincerity. A lesson I have learned with bitter tears and great sacrifice. The Soviet understands only one language: action. It respects only one word: force.
President, as of this moment my planes are ready to carry out the air strikes. All you have to do is give me the word, sir, and my boys will get those Red bastards. How
Sleep is for the weak, Mr. President.
Jesus. I feel like we've caught the Jap carriers steaming for Pearl Harbor.
Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC is'Peace is our Profession.'God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange. But if launched, those missiles in Cuba would kill a lot of Americans. That's why I'm being such a pain in the ass about destroying them. Destroying them immediately. Hell, even Mac agrees.
This, all this, is language, a new vocabulary the likes of which the world has never seen. This is President Kennedy communicating with Secretary Khruschev.
Let's pray appeasement doesn't run in families. I fear weakness does.
Gentlemen, if anybody's got any great ideas, now's the time.
They want this fucking job, they can have it. It's no great joy to me.
Hotshot. You pull that hotshot stuff around me and I'll break every bone in your body. You understand me? You're in for a change, mister. You got that? Huh? You got that good? You're in for a whole'nother ballgame.
Look, you can get it doggie-style or you can get it laying on your side, those are your only choices. This is my house, and I get to say. Wherever McGinty sits is the head of the table, you know?
Only me. On this whole earth, to straighten you out. And I will do it kill or cure. Now get your ass up, you're going to school.
Here I am, you lucky people!
Hotshot, you don't know it yet, but me and Concrete are in your blood. We're going to make a man of you yet, and in years to come you'll thank me. You'll remember me. Me and Concrete.
Well, want in one hand and shit in the other, see which gets full first.
What about me? When is it ever Dwight's turn for some consideration? What about me? I'll tell you one thing, you'll remember me!
.'cause I don't believe that crap, you know? I believe there is such a thing as a bad boy, bad clear through. And it's gon na be my job to turn you around, to kill or cure. Kill. Or. Cure. Understand? And I'm up to the job, oh yes, believe me, hotshot, I am ready, willing and able to take you on, you and that jibagoo music you like to sing. I'm just the guy to knock that music out of your head and put in some respect and obedience. Now your mother has just about washed her hands of you, that's obvious,'cause she's shipped you off up here. I mean, she has had it with you. She told me: she said'Dwight, I just can't handle him anymore.'So don't go crying to Mama,'cause Mama won't listen. Mama is sick to death of her baby boy.
Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared. Oooh.
You left the lid off the damn toothpaste again.
That's what makes Rangers badass, we get the best flashlights.
You're on the path to truth when you smell shit, isn't that what they say?
You are under arrest. You are going to be court-martialed. And you will show us where the bullion is right now.
I can't do this, OK? Because I've got a family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I got shot after the war's already over that would be pretty fucking stupid, wouldn't it?
Great, a fucking tank. That should send us on our way.
You're lucky you got to see anybody shot in this war.
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul.
Come inside. Watch TV.
Are you the Washington Redskin?
Everything will be all right, you are in my hands. You have nowhere to go. I am here to protect you. You have nowhere to go. You have nowhere.
.and it all happened so slowly that most men failed to realize that anything had happened at all.
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
We're not violent people, Michael. It pains us to pain you.
My inner child needs spanking.
Greatness courts failure, Romeo. That's why most people, in their whole lives, never ever reach for the brass ring, never know when to dig deep and try for the impossible shot.
You amuse me, Roy. But I'm the only woman in America born after World War II who thinks astrology is a crock of shit. Now let's see if the Big Dog'll eat.
It's a lock! I hit the seven like John Daly hits a three!
That's cuz you think of it as transportation, Boone. Think of it as bragging rights. Think of yourself sitting around the bar crowing to your buddies about the Cadillac you won off Tin Cup McAvoy. They'll forget all about the Winnebago you lost to me.
Why do men insist on measuring their dicks?
Are you a lunatic? Can't you see I'm trying to back out of this lot? There's a red light, you shoulda stopped.
It's been 84 years. and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in.
If this is the direction the rats were runnin', it's good enough for me.
Well! The boy's a hero then. Good for you son, well done! So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh?
26 years of experience working against him. He figures anything big enough to sink the ship they're going to see in time to turn. But the ship's too big, with too small a rudder. it can't corner worth shit. Everything he knows is wrong..
We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!
Want to go to a real party?
You think a first class girl can't drink?
Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
Music to drown by. Now I know I'm in First Class.
I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it. an endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches. always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared. or even noticed.
There's the Countess Rothes. And that's John Jacob Astor. the richest man on the ship. His little wifey there, Madeleine, is my age and in a delicate condition. See how she's trying to hide it. Quite the scandal. And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Gordon. She designs naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular with the royals.
I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to the White Star Line about all this.
Gawd look at that thing! You would have gone straight to the bottom.
Gentlemen, it has been a previlege playing with you tonight.
My, my, my. you shine up like a new penny.
So let me get this right. You were gon na kill yourself by jumping off the Titanic? That's great!
Take her to sea Mister Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs.
That was the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course, and inherited his millions. The crash of 28 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol in his mouth that year. His children fought over the scraps of his estate like hyenas, or so I read.
I won't let go. I promise.
Forget it, boyo. You'd as like have angels fly out o'yer arse as get next to the likes o'her.
Dive nine. Here we are again on the deck of Titanic. two and a half miles down. The pressure is three tons per square inch, enough to crush us like a freight train going over an ant if our hull fails. These windows are nine inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.
The last thing I need is another picture of me looking like a china doll. As a paying customer, I expect to get what I want.
Rose is displeased. Mmm. what to do?
This was mine. How extraordinary! It looks the same as the last time I saw it.
I can see the Statue of Liberty already. Very small. of course.
Don't you love it? There's Smith, he's standing there with the iceberg warning in his fucking hand. excuse me. in his hand, and he's ordering more speed.
No! I'll do this with or without your help, sir. But without will take longer.
We have dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen.
Fifteen hundred people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us. There were twenty boats floating nearby and only one came back. One. Six were saved from the water, myself included. Six out of fifteen hundred.
Sleep soundly, young Rose. I have built you a good ship, strong and true. She's all the lifeboat you need.
I saw that in a nickelodean once, and I always wanted to do it.
So, you gon na cut her meat for her too there, Cal? Hey, who came up with the name Titanic? You, Bruce?
Goodnight, dark prince.
There are no excuses when you are the Leader, my student.
This night just keeps gettin'better n'better.
I want your blood and I want you Souls and I want them both right now.
Poor soul, he was so high-strung. Afraid the strain was more than He could bear.
Then again, you may be the Antichrist.
This fight's commenced. Get to Fightin'or get away!
Maybe poker's not your game, Ike. I know, let's have a spelling Contest!
And so she walked out of our Lives forever.
You die first, get it? The others Might get me in a rush but before That I'm gon na make your head Into a canoe. Understand?
I'm your huckleberry.
Nonsense, I have not yet begun to Defile myself.
Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
I don't think I'll let you arrest Us today, Behan. Maybe tomorrow.
Why Johnny Ringo, you look like Somebody just walked over your grave. Oh, I wasn't quite as sick as I Made out.
Sheriff, may I present a pair of Fellow sophisticates, Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion? Watch your ear, Creek.
Why Ed, what an ugly thing to Say! Does this mean you're not my Friend anymore? You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it.
I stand corrected. Wyatt. You're An oak.
You gon na do something or just Stand there and bleed?
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
Jesus. Can't you people keep anything locked up?
Son of a bitch!
Gutsiest move I ever saw.
Ya know, that was the best flying I've seen since Nam. Right up to that part where you got killed.
Ages three and up. It's on my box. Ages three and up! I'm not supposed to be babysitting Princess Drool.
I knew you were right all along, Woody. Never doubted you for a second.
Pull my string! The birthday party's today?!
Years of Academy training.wasted!
Yessir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
I wan na ride the pony.
No one's ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.
I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school.
I think you've had enough tea for today. Let's get you out of here, Buzz.
That's Mr. Potato Head to you, you back-stabbin'murderer!
Great. Now I have guilt.
'Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children.'COOL. What am I gon na blow? Man.hey, where's that wimpy cowboy doll?
Son of a building block, it's Woody!
Wait a minute.I just lit a rocket. Rockets explo
Farewell, my friends! I go on to a better place.
What a space port. Good work, Woody.
To infinity and beyond!
Look! Look! It's Woody and Buzz! Comin'up fast!
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur? A mean one? I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection.
Mrs. Potato Head.Mrs. Potato Head.Mrs. Potato Head. Hey, I can dream, can't I?
How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet! My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets!
Did you all take stupid pills this morning?! Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz? And now you want to let him back over here?
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
You've got a gun. Get out of the car and shoot him in the head.
On the good days I feel like I get it, like it all makes sense. I can stay in the moment. I don't have to control everything in the future. And I believe everything is going to work out fine. On the bad days, I just want to grab the phone and start dialing numbers. I want to pull my hair and run through the streets screaming. But, thanks to the people I've met in these rooms, people like Margaret and Jim and Sarah, people who've taught me how to listen, I'm pretty sure I'll make it through today.
I can't do this. If there is a War on Drugs then our own families have become the enemy. How can you wage war on your own family?
It seems, however, that I really am the luckiest guy in the world. Several years of addiction right in the middle of an epidemic, surrounded by the living dead, but not me, I'm negative. It's official. And once the pain goes away, that's when the real battle starts. Depression. Boredom. You feel so fucking low, you'll want to fucking top yourself.
It was fucking obvious that that cunt was going to fuck some cunt.
Ursula Andress was the quintessential Bond girl. That's what everyone says. The embodiment of his superiority to us: beautiful, exotic, highly sexual and yet unavailable to everyone but him. Shite. Let's face it: if she'd shag one punter from Edinburgh, she'd shag the fucking lot of us.
I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post, that's for sure. I'm in the junky limbo at the moment, too ill to sleep, too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. Sweat, chills, nausea, pain and craving. Need like nothing else I have ever known will soon take hold of me. It's on the way.
Thank you, your honour. With God's help, I'll conquer this affliction.
We called him the mother superior on account of the length of his habit. He knew all about it. On it, off it, he knew it all. Of course I'd have another shot: after all, I had work to do.
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
So why did I do it? I could offer a million answers, all false. The truth is that I'm a bad person, but that's going to change, I'm going to change. This is the last of this sort of thing. I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already. I'm going to be just like you: the job, the family, the fucking big television, the washing machine, the car, the compact disc and electrical tin opener, good health, low cholesterol, dental insurance, mortgage, starter home, leisurewear, luggage, three-piece suite, DIY, game shows, junk food, children, walks in the park, nine to five, good at golf, washing the car, choice of sweaters, family Christmas, indexed pension, tax exemption, clearing the gutters, getting by, looking ahead, to the day you die.
This was to be my final hit. But let's be clear about this: there's final hits and final hits. What kind was this to be? {Some final hits are actually terminal one way or another, while others are merely transit points as you travel from station to station on the junky journey through junky life. }
Heroin had robbed Renton of his sex drive, but now it returned with a vengeance. And as the impotence of those days faded into memory, grim desperation took hold in his sex-crazed mind. His post-junk libido, fuelled by alcohol and amphetamine, taunted him remorselessly with his own unsatisfied desire dot.
Armed robbery? With a replica? How can it be armed robbery? It's a fucking scandal.
Heroin makes you constipated. The heroin from my last hit is fading away and the suppositories have yet to melt. I am no longer constipated.
Four kilos. That's what, Ten years'worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal, like it so much you want to go back again?
Relinquishing junk. Stage One: preparation. For this you will need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water; Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard. Go on, sweat that shite out of your system, because if I come back and it's still there, I'll fucking kick it out.
Better than sex, Rents, better than sex. The ultimate hit. I'm a fucking adult. I'll find out for myself. Well, I've found out all right.
Picture the scene. Wednesday morning in the Volley. Me and Tommy are playing pool. No problems, and I'm playing like Paul fucking Newman by the way. I'm giving the boy here the tanning of a lifetime. So anyway, it comes to the final ball, the deciding shot of the tournament: I'm on the black and he's sitting in the corner, looking all biscuit-arsed. Then this hard cunt comes in. Obviously fancied himself. Starts looking at me. Right fucking at me. Trying to put off, like, just for kicks. Looking at me as if to say,'Come ahead, square go.'Well, you know me, I'm no looking for trouble but at the end of the day I'm the cunt with the pool cue and I'm game for a swedge. So I squared up, casual like. So what does the hard cunt do, or so-called hard cunt? Shites it. Puts down his drink, turns around and gets the fuck out of there. And after that, the game was mine.
Mikey. It's Mark Renton. Can you help me out?
Now you know. If you have an appointment elsewhere I'll excuse you.
Unicron, my'master,'with this I shall make you my slave!
Prime did it. He turned the tide! He shoots into.
We've got to save Prime! Punching.
We can't hold out forever, but we can give them one whopper of a repair bill.
Prime, you said the Matrix would light our darkest hour.
Rumble! Frenzy! Ravage! Ratbat! Eject! Operation: interference.
Without the Matrix there is no hope. No hope at all!
Scourge, the tracker.and his huntsmen.the Sweeps.
First Prime, then Ultra Magnus and now you. It is a pity Autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now. Hot Rod desperately gasps and pulls at Galvatron's hands.
Why settle for a peek when you can see everything from Lookout Mountain?
Megatron must be stopped.
Come on down, Autobrat!
And these shall be your minions.
Their defenses are broken. Let the slaughter begin.
It is the year 2005. The treacherous Decepticons have conquered the Autobots'home planet of Cybertron. But from secret staging grounds on two of Cybertron's moons the valiant Autobots prepare to retake their homeland.
I would have waited an eternity for this. Crawl, slave! On your knees!
It's not hard to knock'em down. It's getting them to stay down that's the trick.
First we crack the shell. Then we crack the nuts inside.
Me Grimlock want to munch metal! Slag barrels into Sharkticons, making a quick shishkebob out of them, while.
Roger me. Wilco me. Anything? Hello. Hello Earth.
I got better things to do today than die.
Optimus Prime. Do you read me? The Decepticons are blitzing Autobot City. We're really takin'a pounding. Don't know how much longer we can hold out.
Happy motoring! Cock-a-doodle-do!
I'll rip out your optics! Optimus grabs Megatron's clawed hand in one of his hands, twists it in see-sawing test of strength which. Optimus wins in a judo toss which sends Megatron - - skidding face first through steel rubble, in a shower of sparks until he crashes into the side of the city.
Me, Grimlock, not'nice Dino!'Me bash brains!
Yuck! Me Grimlock, not a kisser! Me, Grimlock, a king!
Spare me this mockery of justice.
How dare Unicron?! Cybertron and all it's moons are mine!
Here's the plan.We don't even stop. Ride like hell. Tonight we keep right on going. We'll walk the horses.
Food for five years. A thousand gallons of gas. Air filtration. Water filtration. Geiger counter. Bomb shelter. underground goddamn monsters?!
We got a plan!
Well, there's sure as hell nothing to stop us now. Everybody we know between here and Bixby is already dead.
I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
Broke into the wrong goddamn rec room, didn't you, you BASTARD!
Well, I brung her something I know she likes.
Good morning, Mr. Bassett, this is your wake-up call. Please move your fat ass.
What the hell is going on? I mean
Run for it? Running's not a plan. Running is what you do when the plan fails. You're not even trying to come up with a plan!
One of these days, Melvin, somebody's gon na kick your ass.
Uh.roger that, Burt. Uh, congratulations. Uh, be advised, however, there are four more, repeat, four more motherfuckers. Come back.
I can't believe it. No tracks, no sign, no spoor.
You little ass wipe! You knock that off or you're gon na be shitting that basketball! Pardon my French.
Oh, Tron. I knew you'd escape. they've never built circuit that could hold you.
Bring in the logic probe!
Come on, you scuzzy little data, be in there.
I don't know how you survived, slave.
All that is visible must grow beyond itself and extend into the realm of the invisible.
That MCP, you know, that's half the problem right
Oh man.when you're on the other side of the screen.it all looks so easy.
Oh, man. this isn't happening. It only thinks it's happening.
Look.just so I can tell my friends what this dream was about, okay? Where am I?
Shite. I was afraid of this. The same thing happened to me when I played Neil Armstrong in'Moonshot'. They found me in an alley in Burbank re-entering the Earth's atmosphere in an old refrigerator box.
Darling, remember you're Gaston Monescu. You're a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
Geneva. From Geneva comes the news that the world-famous international crook, Gaston Monescu, robbed the peace conference yesterday. He took practically everything, except the peace. The police arrested him and confiscated all the stolen goods, but he managed to escape in an unexplainable manner. This is the Paris police reporter speaking.
You remember the man who walked into the Bank of Constantinople and walked out < u > with < /u > the Bank of Constantinople?
You see, Franois, marriage is a beautiful mistake which two people make together. But with you, Franois I really think it < u > would < /u > be a mistake.
Well, I leave you alone with that lady but if you behave like a gentleman I'll break your neck! Goodbye, darling!
You like me. In fact, you're crazy about me. Otherwise, you wouldn't worry about my reputation. Isn't that so?
I came here to rob you but unfortunately I fell in love with you. Mariette!
I love you. I loved you the moment I saw you. I'm mad about you. My little shoplifter! My sweet little pickpocket! My darling!
It must be the most marvelous supper. We may not eat it, but it must be marvelous.
It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
Eddie Dowd. Everybody should own one.
The last struggle for constitutional rights is being waged over drugs.
Eight years I'm waiting for some genius to notice it took me an hour to drive seven blocks.
Let's not drag the Constitution into this.
.Do you realize I haven't gotten stoned since the trial started?
N/A
What'dya expect Harry? She's a flesh and blood woman. And you're never there. It was only a matter of time.
So far this is not blowing my skirt up, gentleman. Do you have anything remotely substantial? Don't be pumping beets up my ass here. Do you have hard data?
Harry, seconds count, buddy. Ditch the bitch, let's go.
There is no us, you psychotic bitch.
Kids. Ten seconds of joy. Thirty years of misery.
Same thing happened to me with wife two. I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty. I mean empty. She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge. What kind of person would think of that?
It's a scale really, with'perfect mission'on one end and'total pooch-screw'on the other and we're more about here
See, that's the problem with terrorists. They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules.
What can I say? I'm a spy.
Women. Can't live with'em. Can't kill'em.
He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's coming up.
I know that Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it.
I haven't killed anybody since 1974. Goddamn his soul to burn for eternity in fuckin'hell for makin'me spill blood on my hands! Go to this comedian's son's apartment and come back with somethin'that tells me where that asshole went so I can wipe this egg off of my face and fix this fucked-up family for good.
Nigger, I eat everything. I eat pussy. I eat the butt. I eat every motherfuckin'thang.
Like, look at her. She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick.
I like ya, Clarence. Always have.
You're an actor, so act, motherfucker.
Sicilians are great liars. The best in the world. I'm a Sicilian. And my old man was the world heavyweight champion of Sicilian liars. And from growin'up with him I learned the pantomime. Now there are seventeen different things a guy can do when he lies to give him away. A guy has seventeen pantomimes. A woman's got twenty, but a guy's got seventeen. And if you know'em like ya know your own face, they beat lie detectors to hell. What we got here is a little game of show and tell. You don't wan na show me nothin'. But you're tellin'me everything. Now I know you know where they are. So tell me, before I do some damage you won't walk away from.
We now return to'Bullit'already in progress.
I'm gon na hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gon na lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin'arms.
You're right! Absolutely right. Me's a nut case, totally deranged. Delusional! Paranoid. HIS PROCESSOR'S ALL FUCKED UP, HIS INFORMATION TRAY IS JAMMED.
A telephone call? That's communication with the outside world! Doctor's discretion. Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread. Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them! Whackos everywhere! A plague of madness. In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill. I'm not saying you're not mentally ill, for all I know you're crazy as a loon. But that's not why you're here. Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy. There's the TV. It's all right there. Commercials. We are not productive anymore, they don't need us to make things anymore, it's all automated. What are we for then? We're consumers. Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what? You're mentally ill! That's a fact! If you don't buy things.toilet paper, new cars, computerized blenders, electrically operated sexual devices. SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES, STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES, VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS, AND.
All I see are dead people. Everywhere. What's three more?
You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James! How did it get there?
See? I toldja. And all the doors are locked, too. They're protecting the people on the outside from us. But the people outside are as crazy as us.
WHO CARES WHAT PSYCHIATRISTS WRITE ON WALLS? You think I told her about the Army of the 12 Monkeys? Impossible! Know why, you pathetically ineffectual and pusillanimous'pretend-friend-to- animals'?! I'll tell you why: because when I had anything to do with her six years ago, there was no such thing, I hadn't even thought of it yet!
I, uh, I'm looking for the, ah, the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
No one will surrender tonight. But I won't give in. I know what I want.
Thanks. but your mood swings are giving me whiplash.
Look! You're moving. You're ALIVE!
Still stubborn, aren't you? Is that what makes you special? Because frankly, I don't see it.
I. don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore.
Whoa, chillax. No feature.
You brought a snack.
Beautiful! Very visually dynamic. I chose my stage well.
What's in Jacksonville?
Stop. Her blood is clean, you're killing her.
Maybe he'll adopt me.
Death is peaceful. Easy.
Hyggelig a mote dem. Jeg Heter Laura Palmer.
Don't take the ring. Laura, don't take the ring.
Fire Walk With Me.
You know what your problem is? You're just too adorable.
You have to hide the diary, Harold. You made me write it all down. He doesn't know about you. You'll be safe.
If I had a nickel for every cigarette your mom smoked, I'd be dead.
You know, Agent Desmond, I figure this whole office, furniture included, is worth 27,000 dollars.
Diane, it's 4:20 in the afternoon. I am standing here at Wind River where they found the body of Teresa Banks. Diane, this case has got a strange feeling for me. Not only has Agent Chester Desmond disappeared but this is one of Cole's Blue Rose cases. The clues that were found by Agent Desmond and Agent Stanley have lead to dead ends. The letter below the fingernail gives me the feeling that the killer will strike again. But like the song says,'.who knows where or when'.
He's looking for a book with pages torn out. He's walking towards the hiding place. He's moving under the fan now.
The tender bows of innocence burn first and the wind rises, then all goodness is in jeopardy.
Now, her name is Irene and it is night. Don't take it any further than that. There's nothin'good about it.
My name is Annie. I've been with Laura and Dale. The good Dale is in the lodge and he can't leave. Write it in your diary.
Hey, slow pokes, guess what? There's no tomorrow.
God damn, you people are confusing.
It was a dream. We live inside a dream.
Nine's really late. We are really early.
Is it future? Or is it past?. Do you know who I am?. I am the Arm. And I sound like this.
Whoa. I still got another six hours to pay the money back. You tell those crummy Klane brothers that harassing a man when he's already in the slammer is beneath even them
I did nothing, the pavement was his enemy.
If you're lying to me. I'll be back.
I don't know what the problem is, but I'm sure it can be solved without resorting to violence.
Hold onto that coin you flipped. Game keeps up like this I'll have to borrow it.
You weren't listening! You're not paying attention to me! There's no such thing as too far! Push everything as far as you can! Push it until it starts pushing back and then push some goddamn more! Remember that when you're with this guy today!
You been a bad girl, Grace. You took my heart from your Mama, didn't ya? You betrayed her! Like you did me. There ain't no forgivin'ya, girl!
Your lies are old, but you tell'em well.
Bye, Mister. Don't go nowhere without me. I wan na have your love child.
Damn. Gon na be another hot one today. Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed. Course don't want to get out for the cold one's neither. Then of course the clouds come in.
Really? I want to hang drapes.
.and a waitress named Flo. Christ.
No. Just plain ol'Miller. Now you can fuckin'take it or you can fuckin'leave it.
Hate's a funny thing. Right now I bet you don't know if you want to kill me, or fuck me.
Make time? Is everybody in this town on drugs?
And here I've made you all hot and sweaty.
It's the desert that makes you crazy. The loneliness out here. Nobody to talk to. People on the run. Trailer parks. White trash. I seen some peculiar things on a hot day. I seen a scorpion sting itself to death. It just keeps driving its tail into its body again and again. A little killer killing itself. Seen a coyote kill itself too. Just kept on biting and tearing at its own legs. Near tore one clean off before it bled to death. And what a white man'll do when it's freezing one moment, hot as hell the next. A man could get hisself killed just for rubbing shoulders with another kiss kissy kiss. Nice pussyy'see, see it coming. I don't know what it is about the desert. I figger it's sort of like putting a kettle of water over a fire. People is mostly water. We boil when it's hot.'Cept when we boil the water's got no place to go. It just churns inside of us until we can cool off. If it's not too late.
It's not just a car. It's a sixty-four and half Mustang convertible. That's the difference between you and me, and why you live here and I'm just passing through.
.And everything is nothing too.
I'm going to work out.
Do you see any Telletubbies around here?. Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it?. Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?. No?. Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time.
They said this one has a surprise ending.
This is an art gallery my friend. This is piece of art.
I've never seen this. It appears your infant sustained some fractures while in your uterus. His arms and legs are broken.
You better not be jacking off to the Japanese comics. I swear to God.
I have something called Osteogenesis Imperfecta. It's a genetic disorder. I don't make this particular type of protein very well and it makes my bones very low in density, very easy to break. I've had fifty-four breaks in my life. I have the tamest version of the disorder. Type one. There are type two, type three, and type four. Type four's don't make it very long. That ends our lecture on the medical anomaly known as Elijah Price.
One, because it seems, in a few minutes, you will officially be the only survivor of this train wreck. And two, because you don't have a scratch on you. You didn't break one bone.
I like you people, but you are sentimental shits. You fall in love with the poets, the poets fall in love with the Marxists, the Marxists fall in love with themselves. The country is destroyed with rhetoric, and in the end we are stuck with tyrants.
You boys better bury old Ned right. and you better not carve up nor otherwise harm no whores. or I will come back an'kill more sonsabitches, hear?
Let the man out, WW. He is desiring to leave the hospitality of Big Whiskey behind him.
All you got ta do is pull on the trigger, mister.
Did Paw used to kill folks?
Enemies, Bob? You been talking about the Queen again? On Independence Day?
I just don't wan na get killed for lack of shootin'back. You know there ain't a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch. or in the whole house for that matter. He's the worst fucking carpenter.
You know how women kin lie. I knock'em around a little, ask'em where the money is, they say they don't have none?. but they coulda squirreled away that much, the five of'em. Maybe.
Now, Ned. them whores are gon na lie different lies than you. an'when your lie ain't the same as their lie. I ain't gon na hurt no woman, I'm gon na hurt you. not gentle like I been doin'but. baaaad.
Just because them smelly assholes like to ride us like horses don't mean we got to let'em brand us like we're horses. Maybe we ain't nothin'but whores, but by God we ain't horses.
I have done that. killed women and children. I have killed most everything that walks or crawls an'now I have come to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned. Now step aside. boys.
I'm comin'outta here. an'any fucker I see out there, I'm gon na kill him. an'any fucker takes a shot at me, I ain't just gon na kill him, but I'm gon na kill his wife an'all his friends an'burn his fucking house, hear?
I guess you know, Bob, how if I see you again I'll just start shootin'right off an'figure it's self defense.
Sorry Mr. Fredricksen. You don't seem like a public menace to me. Take this.
Charles Muntz, explorer. When I get big, I'm going where he's going: South America.
You know, Carl. These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories. A'Surveyor'making a map.
Go on Master! I will stop the dogs!
This was her favorite chocolate. Because you sent her away, there's more for you.
I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay?
Whoah, that's gon na be like a billion transfers to get back to my house.
What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity: a lost world in South America! Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls, it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science. Who would dare set foot on this inhospitable summit?
Any last words, Fredricksen? Come on, spit it out!
'The wilderness must be explored!
That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.
You in the suit. Yes, you. Take a bath, hippy!
Does anyone know where they are?!?!
This is pretty fucking sexy.
Anybody who ever built an empire, or changed the world, sat where you are now. And it's because they sat there that they were able to do it.
You are so pretty. You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years.
I don't think I can do this.
All the things you probably hate about travelling - The recycled air. The artificial lighting. The digital juice dispensers and mini pizzas stacked to their heat lamps are the warm reminders that I am home.
And one of those lights, slightly brighter than the rest, will be my wingtip, passing over, blessing them.
Would you stop condescending for one second? Or is that one of the principles of your bullshit philosophy?
Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one?
I can't hear anything.
What do you make of this, Mr. Finch?
'Disdaining fortune with his brandished steel, which smoked with bloody execution.'
England prevails, Mr. Finch.
There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidence.
It is strange that my life should end in such a terrible place but for three years I had roses and apologized to nobody.
I'm a soldier, General. I serve my country.
I don't know what you've got brewing and I don't want to know. But when the music stops, I'd be much obliged if Keitel should find himself without a chair.
I'm thinking of earlier times.
God promised Abraham that he would not destroy Sodom if he could find just ten righteous men.
Every second we stand here arguing is a second lost.
Hitler is dead. Operation Valkyrie is in effect.
My dreams are a cruel joke. They taunt me. Even in my dreams, I'm an idiot who knows he's about to wake up to reality. If I could only avoid sleep, but I can't.
You will never know the exquisite pain of the guy who goes home alone. Because without. the bitter, baby, the sweet ain't as sweet. Have a good time. He exits like a champ, a glorious sad-sack, with a hand flourish.
Don't you know, David? Every time you sleep with someone. your body makes a promise whether you do or not?
You'll be meeting Rebecca Dearborn. My personal role model.
Somebody died. It was me.
I'll tell you in another life. when we are both cats. David looks at her. His eyes flash at her choice of words. Perhaps there is hope. Sofia stares at. him, worried about his sanity as he goes overboard with his praise of her turn of a phrase. Push into close-ups as they struggle to deal with the discomfort of this moment.
I'm not blowing you off! I just want to be alone for a little bit. Trust me - I have a lot of things I got ta take care of. If we're friends, which we are, you'll understand.
It was Sofia who never fully recovered. It was she who somehow knew you best. And like you, she never forgot that one night where real, true love seemed possible.
Do you love me? I mean, really love me. because if you don't, I'll just. have to kill you.
This is a revolution of the mind.
Don't you ever say that word. Or I'll never come over here and bring you chicken soup and fuck your brains out again.
I think she's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini.
The little things. There's nothing bigger, is there?
Julie Gianni is stalking me.
Tell me something, David. Do you believe in God? Sweet pop music swells. She bursts the barrier of the winding road, and the car sails into an embankment of a road below. All sound disappears, as we hear a new kind of music. Ethereal, almost wondrous. This music continues.
Once you've been driven off a bridge at 80 miles an hour, somehow you don't invite happiness in without a full body search.
These are more than headaches. This is like a steel plate slicing through my every thought.
He's my son. He's very shy.
Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around. David shakes his head a little. Her words strike right to the heart of him.
open your eyes.
I want to live a real life. I don't want to dream any longer.
It's been a brilliant journey of self-awakening, and you've simply got to ask yourself, what is happiness to you?
Holy God, this is going to change my life in a zillion different ways. I must be nuts.
I good you bid evening. Sofialooks at her watch, and the situation.
Somewhere in here I was born. and here I died and it was only a moment for you. you took no notice.
There was no way for them to understand. But you and I know who killed Madeleine.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
Wander separately? Ah, but only one is a wanderer. Two, together, are always going somewhere.
And you know something, Doctor? I don't think Mozart's going to help at all.
One final thing I have to do, and then I'll be rid of the past, forever.
Give me your hand!
She's got bondage burns on her wrists. There's blow all over the room, Moore looks like he went at it with a mountain lion. This room looks like the Manson Family stayed here a month. Michael goes down, we all go down.
Dear God. I don't know how to pray.
Lets take a vote. A simple vote. Two choices; we clean up the mess. Right now. Bury it in the desert, go home, and never look back. Or, we can call the police. Open those doors, roll the dice and hope that it's only Michael who falls. Let's take a vote. Desert. or police?
It is amazing to witness which two people love chooses to unite. It follows no rules.
She's not going to squeeze my shirt like that is she?
You are fearless in a way, I shall never know.
Yes I have. I hope I am always able to risk everything for the right and just cause. If we did not make this decision - we could never again call ourselves innocent. And that in the end is what we have protected here - innocence. That, I am not ready to give up.
No. You know the moment I heard my child's vision had finally failed her, and that she would forever be blind, I was sitting in that very chair. I was so ashamed.
His will to live is very strong.
Sometimes we don't do things, yet others know we want to do things, so we don't do them.
She has found love again. With Christop Crane.
Who will plague me with questions now?. Who will pinch me to wake me up? Who will laugh at me when I fall? Who's breath will I listen to so that I may sleep? Who's hand will I hold, so that I may walk?
I can not see his color.
We came here to start anew. We are grateful for the time we have been given.
I love you Lucius. I love you like the day is long. I love you more than the sun and moon together. And if you feel the same way, we should not hide it any longer. It's a gift, love is. We should be thankful. We should bellow it with all the breath in our lungs,'Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!'
When I was younger you used to hold my arm when I walked. Then suddenly you stopped. One day, I even tripped in your presence and nearly fell. I was faking of course, but still you did not hold me. Sometimes we don't do things we want to do, so that others won't know we want to do them.
As L. A. P. D. officers gather evidence at this grisly crime scene, you can only ask yourselves what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crimes? The three adjectives which best describe this killer are sadistic, intelligent, and dangerous.
All Combat takes place at night, in the Rain, and at the Junction of four Map Segments.
We aren't going to have a war. We're going to have the'appearance'of a war.
.why change Horses in Mid Stresm, that's what I.
I'm not gon na let this stand.
I grew up in this town. People used to walk tall in this town, they wouldn't have traded the mill for a crooked casino.
Guess that changes our relationship a bit huh?
You wan na know what my new favourite sound's gon na be? The sound of you screaming like a little bitch.
You stabbed me. with a potato peeler?
Marv, .I just bagged the elephant!
I guess your father's not a union representative on that company.
Bud Fox, I look at a hundred ideas a day. I choose one.
I don't sleep with no whore and I don't wake up with no whore. That's how I live with myself, Buddy. I don't know how you do. I hope I'm wrong, I'll let them decide for themselves, that much I promise you.
Boy, we sure went down the toilet on that ugly bitch. If we were Japs, we'd have to stay with our aircraft.
You really think the difference'tween this guy and that guy is luck? Mohammed, pull over.
You're on a roll kiddo. Enjoy it while it lasts,'cause it never does.
The most valuable commodity I know of is information. Wouldn't you agree on that?
You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.
I don't know where you get your information, son, but I don't like it. The only reason I'm gon na do it is.I need the money, that's the problem with money it makes you do things you don't want to do.
'All warfare is based on deception.'Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight. if not, split and reevaluate.
.Blue horseshoe loves Anacott Steel.
Yeah, I'm gon na make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gon na make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work.
Well. life all comes down to a few moments, and this is one of'em..
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do, stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. We make the rules, Buddy, the news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the cost of a paper clip. We pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits around their whole life wondering how we did it. you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? It's the free market. You're one of us now.take advantage of it. You got the killer instinct, kid, stick with me. I got things to teach you.
Bud I like you, just remember something. Man looks in the abyss, there's nothing staring back at him. At that time a man finds his character and that is what keeps him out of the abyss.
You're just the President of the company, what do you know?. Come on.
.we're all just one trade away from humility, Buddy.
It's not always the most popular guy who gets the job done. You got losses of 20 to 30 million dollars, dividends cut to zero, you're getting squeezed to death by the majors. Present management may not be the worst scum of the earth, but they're the ones who've put you on a kamikaze course, and pretty soon everybody's going to be scrambling for the parachutes. Only there aren't enough to go around. Management has them. You don't. If they throw Bluestar into Chapter 11 which I think they will then they can use bankruptcy laws to break your unions and your contracts and throw you guys off the property.
Don't look down, don't look around me. I'm taking you to the car and you're gon na want to look around. But you are not going to, are you?
It's the same everywhere. Once the tripods start to move, no more news comes out of that area.
I want to sleep in my bed. I've got back problems.
Ray, I'm standing right beside you. Can you please answer me?
No, it won't. When it's ready, my body will just push it out.
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
From the moment the invaders arrived, breathed our air, ate and drank, they were doomed. They were undone, destroyed, after all of man's weapons and devices had failed, by the tiniest creatures that God and his wisdom, put upon this earth. At the toll of a billion deaths, man had earned his immunity, is right to survive among this planet's infinite organisms. And that right is ours against all challenges, for men do not live nor die in vein.
No one would have believed in the early years of the21st century, that our world was being watched by intelligences greater than our own. That as men busied themselves about their various concerns, they observed and studied. Like the way a man with a microscope might scrutinize the creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to and fro about the globe, confident of our empire over this world. Yet, across the gulf of space, intellects, vast and cool and unsympathetic regarded our plant with envious eyes. And slowly and surely, drew their plans against us.
Take care of our kids.
LOOK AT THE GOD DAMN BIRDS!
The wind is blowing toward the storm.
You and I. I don't think we are on the same page.
There's nothing else down there.
When I can walk, I'll run.
Mark my words. He'll be dead in a year.
You're going to do great things. This place has an identity now, a purpose. It has you.
He wants to use his entire trust fund to buy that. leper colony!
You'd think this country'd had enough goddamn fireworks. Ifwe'd've lost this war, I think it might have driven us crazy,y'know? As a country. But we didn't. Thanks to you.
Rorschach's Journal, October 19th. Someone tried to kill Adrian Veidt. Proves mask killer theory the murderer is closing in. Pyramid Industries is the key. Rorschach approaches a TRASH CAN. He rummages through it and finds an ENVELOPE. He opens it and finds a NOTE that reads:'Tonight 11:30, M.'Checked
A live human body and a dead human body have the same number of particles. Structurally there's no difference.
Just a matter of time, I suppose. With sudden, blinding speed, Blake WHIPS the SAUCER from under his cup, sending it FLYING like a saw-blade. The Intruder BATS IT out of the air with even quicker reflexes, but the act buys Blake time to pull a PISTOL with a SILENCER from a hollowed out STEREO SPEAKER. He's a pro. but so is our Intruder. Before Blake can get a shot off, the Intruder is already upon him, SNATCHING the gun out of Blake's hand Blake PUNCHES the Intruder in the chest plate the Intruder drops the gun. Blake fights. Not like an old man, but like the trained killer he is. But the Intruder is much, much faster. Younger. Deadlier. He SMASHES Blake with an elbow to the head. Blake falls. BLOOD blurs his vision. The Intruder picks Blake up off the ground. Brings him to the window with the great New York view. Thirty stories up. Blake looks the Intruder in the eye. and starts laughing. Hysterical.
Bureaucracies can be effective with the right leadership
Hmm. Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before. Obvious, really. Big Figure looks very small and alone now
Adrian, of course. Who else would have the resources
Justice doesn't matter, alright? Because twenty years from now we're all gon na be dust. Mankind's been trying to kill each other off since the beginning of time and now we finally got the power to finish the job. Ain't nothin'gon na matter when the nukes start flying, and I promise you they will. Then Ozymandias here is gon na be the smartest man on the cinder. He sneers and walks out. Silence. Uncomfortable in the wake of truth, the others pack up to go, muttering apologies to Adrian, but Adrian ignores them, staring at the flames flickering across his face. He seems more thoughtful than upset. MATCH CUT TO:
Would you like a closer look?
Steak tartar? Oh yes, steak tartar.
I'm sorry I'm not that good at languages ok?
Raw meat. You do like raw meat? Please, if not we can have some soup.
You piss in your pants, you only stay warm for so long.
DON'T touch me. Just get away from me. Go!
Are we hoping the ghost is going to have to pee?
Norman, this isn't about you. This is something that's happening to me. It's not to get even.and it's not some warped bid for attention. Some strange things are happening in our house, whether you believe in them or not.
Think of Caitlin.
I didn't kill my wife.
MORGAN: Can we walk and talk?'Cause in case you live, I don't wan na be late, okay? NICK O.S.: Okay, okay. 133.15 SCENE 20 - INT. S/C OFFICES - DAY CAMERA PICKS UP ON MORGAN AND NICK AT TOP OF STAIRS AS THEY MOVE DOWN TO MAIN FLOOR. CAMERA PULLS BACK KEEPING ON THEM AS THEY MOVE TO FG THROUGH DESKS WITH NICK RANTING THE WHOLE TIME. NICK: Here's what happened just in case the coroner asks, okay? MORGAN: Uh-huh. NICK: I got a little drunk last night and tried on all the products from the pink box. MORGAN: You did not! NICK: I put on all the products, okay? Nail polish, pantyhose, everything. MORGAN: You tried on the pantyhose? NICK: Yes! Yes! Okay, anyway, I was drying my hair and I fell over and tripped and fell into the bathtub and electrocuted myself and blacked out. And when I woke up, I could hear what every woman around me was thinking. MORGAN GIVES HIM LOOK. MORGAN: Uh-huh? THEY PAUSE A MOMENT.
NICK: Adversary? Well surely you mean adversary, old boy? 451.11 SCENE 80 - ANGLE BACK ON SCREEN AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO COOKING SHOW. CHEF: .vinaigrette for arugula salad. 455.00 SCENE 81 - BACK ON NICK CHANGING CHANNEL. 457.01 SCENE 82 - BACK ON TV SHOWING NEWS. JUDY WOODRUFF: .additional women's political caucus. 458.15 SCENE 83 - BACK ON NICK MOANING AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL AGAIN. TRAINER O.S.: .the pelvis up. Keep lifting. 463.00 SCENE 84 - ANGLE ON SCREEN AS TRAINER DOES GLUTE EXERCISES. TRAINER: .4-5-6. 466.11 SCENE 85 - BACK ON NICK. NICK: Ah, buns of steel. I'd steal her buns if I could. 473.15 SCENE 86 - OTS ON TV AS HE CHANGES CHANNEL TO MEN'S GYMNASTICS. ANNOUNCER: And here it comes. FLAWLESS DISMOUNT.
See, that's the whole point. My mind. Your mind. Where do they fit in? You know what I mean?
Carol, it's Mrs. Lockhart. Answer me truthfully. When was the last time you looked in on the children?
Have you checked the children?
Well, I couldn't come down in my bathrobe.
Well, I'd sure like to go into the subject of vertigo and all, but I wouldn't want you to piss yourself.
'There is nothing that goes on, on this boat that I don't know about. She speaks to me in the night. So don't test me. Not even a little.'
You can't run from the wind son. You trim your sails, face the music and let the chips fall. Bill, let's close her up, dog, tight.
Christ, I'm gon na choke on'feel good'.
Tell me Skipper, was it all just a lie?'Where we go one, we go all'. We listened to you. We believed it. And we're still here!
What do I look like, a bank?
Mommy's going to the beauty parlor, darling. But I'm leaving you with your favorite friend, Roger. He's going to take very, very good care of you. cause if he doesn't, he's going back to the science lab!
Roger, I want you to know I love you. I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a rabbit.
Here's to the pencil pushers. May they all get lead poisoning.
Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder?
Dabblin'in watercolors, Eddie?
Yeah, isn't it great? Keep it up, Eddie. you're killing'em, you're slayin''em, you're knockin''em dead.
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color. But I still got it, Eddie.'Boop boop be-doop'.
I hope you're proud of yourself.
Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin to do.
You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny. Can you fuck like that?. You like it like a bunny?. Huh?. Cause baby, Ill fuck you like a real good like a big ol jack- rabbit bunny. Jump all around in that hole. Bobby Peru doesnt come up for air.
That aint never will happen, honey. Least not in our lifetime.
Bobby Peru, just like the country.
This whole worlds wild at heart and weird on top.
My mom would kill me if she knew I took the Rover.
Am I right, did Sam sell you on the idea right up front, of whacking Suzie? That's murder, Kelly.
People aren't always what they appear to be, kid. Remember it.
Can I play too? Or is it just for boys?
So you're the new chicken licker.
No little girl can ever make me come.
Don't grab a white lady's boobies at the big redneck dance. Is that the lesson? Well, I learned it. Don't scratch your head with the shrimp fork. I got that one too. So whaddaya say we call this off?
Lippenreider, take over the controls. We may not have a woodshed on board, but that boy is gon na get a whoopin'anyway!
Not even when we've lost a lung. a spleen. a bladder. two legs. thirty-five feet of small intestine and our ability to reproduce. All in the name of the South. do we lose our sense of humor.
And you, West, not every situation calls for your patented approach of shoot first, shoot later, shoot again, then when they're all dead, try to ask a question or two. Working together will be good for both of you. But
Well, isn't this a coincidence! I'm out for a little mornin'ride, and right in the middle of nowhere, I bump into General Ulysses S. Grant himself! We've never been properly introduced. I'm Dr. Arliss Loveless, formerly with the Confederate Army.
No more Mister Knife guy!
.I would've told you everything eventually.
We're all very happy that you're going to live, John Book. We didn't quite know what we were going to do with you if you died.
You be careful out among them English.
What you take into your hands, you take into your heart.
Veck oufl. Time for milking.
No offense, Professor Tripp, but you look sorta crappy.
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason for him to take two in the chest. Still, the fact remains that I'm the one who took you up into the Chancellor's bedroom. I'm the one who has to take the blame. I- don't know what the hell I was thinking.
So. I guess we just divorce our spouses, marry each other, and have this baby, right? Simple.
And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school as a child.
Welcome to the future. brother.
Don't you people die?
Nothing like fresh powder.
The name's Gibbons. You were saying?
You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests.
The things I have to do for my country.
You can't audit life! Now get on up here!
I can't believe you're out here. I'm giddy. I feel like a child whose best friend has strict Chinese parents who never let him come out and play but now his Chinese parents are away for the Chinese New Year. You have any interest in pounding this shit?
And if I were you I'd be a little nervous about firing an employee I just had an affair with. OK?
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
Now you just listen to me. I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how. And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him. He's going to find out the world is a horrible place and that people suck soon enough, and without any help from you. Believe me!
and got off at 59th, where I assume it was going to Bloomindale's to buy a hat that will turn out to be a mistake. As almost all hats are.
You're taking it to the next level. I always do that. I always take a relationship to the next level, and if it works okay I take it to the next level after that, until I can finally get to the level where it becomes absolutely necessary for me to leave.
As far as I'm concerned, the Internet is just another way to be rejected by a woman.
Kiss me. I'm going to be your wicked stepmother.
The Godfather is the I Ching. The Godfather is the sum of all wisdom. The Godfather is the answer to any question. What should I pack for my summer vacation?'Leave the gun, take the cannoli.'What day of the week is it?'Maunday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday.'And the answer to your question is'Go to the mattresses.'
Good. She's good. I have to deliver this. I have a very thirsty date. She's part camel.
I love Patricia. Patricia's amazing. Patricia makes coffee nervous. Are we still on schedule?
Don't you love New York in the fall?
Oh, you poor sad multimillionaire. I feel so sorry for you.
The Shop Around the Corner is a true New York treasure.
No, she's beautiful. But a pill.
I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with. If she turns out to be even as good-looking as a mailbox, I will be crazy not to turn my life upside down and marry her.
My father is getting married again. For five years he's been living with a woman who studied decorating at Caesar's Palace.
Sometimes I wonder about my life. I lead a small life. Well, not small, but circumscribed. And sometimes I wonder, do I do it because I like it, or because I haven't been brave? So much of what I see reminds me of something I read in a book, when shouldn't it be the other way around?
Two switches over there, but I wasn't going to be the first.
My father was a sick man.
You're gon na'have a great time with her tonight. Just be yourself. Mostly.
That's the thing about the truth. It'll set you free, but first it can really piss you off.
Oh no. Come all this bloody way to get shot by a bullet from Birmingham. Shoot straight, you bastards! STOREY takes the boy's hat and runs quickly forward as the ZULUS advance over the inert body.
Well fought, Gentlemen. It's time to save the Colours. Get to Rorke'5 Drift. You must warn them. The Colours.
N/A
