I can't believe it, you and Dad get paid to write about plants and you hate dirt.
I thought you'd like him more, if he spoke a little less. So I fixed him.
What, you some kinda Asian James Bond?
Jesus. nothing's easy.
If you stop, you die.
How you like that one, tough guy? How freaking awesome was that?
I'm going to get that little son of a bitch if it's the last thing I do. it may actually be the last thing I do, understand that? Copy me on that?
Nice. wonder how many steaks I could get out of you.
You haven't been tight since your brother fucked you in 3rd grade.
Got to kick. some black. ass.
Well, I'm glad to hear that. Listen, I've been fatally poisoned, there's probably a psychopath heading over there to torture and kill you as we speak, but don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be there in a flash. Maybe you could fry me up a waffle or something, kay?
I told you I'd kill you, you son of a bitch!
Darn it, I forgot to take my birth control pill.
'Don't worry, that guy's got ta see us!'These were the confident last words of the brilliant young Hollywood star James Dean as he piloted his Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a date with death on a lonely stretch of California two-lane blacktop, Route 466.'Don't worry, that guy's got ta see us.'The year, 1955; the day, September thirtieth; the time: now.
I myself shall play the role of James Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf Wtherich, sent over from the Porsche factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany. This mechanic was himself fated to die in a car crash in Germany twenty- six years later. And the third and in some ways most important party, the college student Donald Turnupseed, played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
After being bombarded endlessly by road-safety propaganda, it's almost a relief to have found myself in an actual accident.
Zero isn't interested in your life story. Who gets killed?
No smoking? No drinking? What kind of country is this?
'A faithful heart makes wishes come true.'
Not an enigma, just a contradiction.
Hang on tightly. let go lightly.
Welcome back Jack. to the house of addiction.
You're my conscience.
I'll understand if you don't. But I hope you do.
It's all numbers, the croupier thought. A spin of the wheel. A turn of a card. The time of your life. The date of your birth. The year of your death. In the Book of Numbers the Lord said:'thou shalt count thy steps'.
Without hope there's no point to anything.
'The world breaks everyone, and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break, it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these, you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry'.
Chapter Three. His existence was forming an interesting pattern of betrayals. Sometimes he was unsure whether he was the betrayer or the betrayed.
I hate when things don't go my way. It makes me so horny.
Are you really? I mean, we've done some pretty fucked up shit in our time but this. I mean, we're destroying an innocent girl. You do realize that.
I don't know. Relationships seem too distracting. I'd rather concentrate on my studies.
Ronald, e-mail's for geeks and pedophiles. Be romantic. Write her another letter.
Oh my God. You're completely p-whipped.
I'm tired and emotional.
Did you ever pick your teeth up with broken fingers?
'Go back to your banana tree, nigger.'No use telling them I came from Tottenham.
Y'see, I'm not a young thing any longer. Funny the way things go. Don't you find that, Jimmy? Never the way you expected.
You're telling me Tell-A-Son boy is a genius.
Kazan get out to the door!
You figure it out! You haven't done anything. All you do is freak out!
I'm not dying in a fucking ratmaze.
I wan na go back to the blue room.
HEY! Listen to what I'm saying! There was a room there before! We haven't
Primenumbers. I can't believe I didn't see it before.
I am Wind In His Hair. Do you not see that I am not afraid of you?. Do you see?
You rest easy son. you'll keep you're foot. As God is my judge, you'll keep it.
Guns would make one warrior like two.
Lieutenant John. J. Dunbar. This is my post.
Nothing I have been told about these people is correct. They are not beggars and thieves. They are not the bogeymen they have been made out to be.
I see you bash the prisoner once more and I'll put those shackles on you.
Were it not for my companion I believe I would be having the time of my life. He is quite possibly the foulest person I have ever met.
I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.
I am Dances With Wolves. I have nothing to say to you. You are not worth talking to.
Some of the boys are sayin'that if we ain't gon na fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stakes poker. Wouldn't that be a sight. a bunch of fellas sittin'in the middle of this field drawin'cards.
There ain't nothin'here lieutenant.
I just pissed in my pants. and nobody can do anything about it.
The strangeness of this life can not be measured. In trying to produce my own death, I was elevated to the status of a living hero.
I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there is one that matters more than all the others. It is the trail of a true human being. I think you are on this trail and it is good to see.
You turned Injun,din'cha?
It was hard to know how to feel. I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before.
Bomb, this is Doolittle. You are not to detonate, repeat, you are not to detonate in the bomb bay. Disarm yourself. This is an order.
I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
So don't give me any of that sentient life crap. Find me something I can blow up.
You truly are one ugly son of a bitch.
'f ie man's a cockroach. You think you; tall him, and he pops up someplace, Ise. A beat.
It's Durant. Robert G. Durant.
Do you know why I don't want to do it?
Look, I'll make this easy on you. I never see him anymore. I barely know him anymore. I'd just kinda like to. know where he is.
Who was it, Bill? A Secretary?
Why can't you die from a stroke like everybody else?
There's no mistake, Bill. If you veto their funding, it's not a mistake. If you hurt someone intentionally, it's not a mistake.
Your sister keep you warm at night? Bill throws a plate of stew at him and they are quickly in a fight. No fists are used, just food. The others pull them apart. Bill storms away, flicking mashed potatoes off his shirt.
Mr. Nolan, it's for you. It's God. He says we should have girls at Welton.
Keep ripping gentlemen. This is a battle, a war. And the casualties could be your hearts and souls.
Exercising the right not to walk.
It's not the bible, you're not going to go to hell for this. Go on, make a clean tear, I want nothing left of it.
Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone. Sure there's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.
Not a clue? It's from a poem by Walt Whitman about Mr. Abraham Lincoln. Now in this class you can call me Mr. Keating. Or, if you're slightly more daring, Oh Captain, My Captain.
Phone call from God. If it had been collect, it wouldn't been daring.
and for the first time I'm gon na do it whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!
I was good. I was really good.
Mr. Anderson? Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole.
Don't just walk off the edge like lemmings. Look around you.
You're in the club! Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth. Mr. Pitts, rise above your name.
If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.
Next time I see you, you die.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering, these are all noble pursuits, and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. To quote from Whitman:'O me, o life of the questions of these recurring, of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities filled with the foolish. What good amid these, o me, o life? Answer: that you are here. That life exists, and identity. That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse. That the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse.
Business as usual, huh? Hey, I hear you got the new kid. Looks like a stiff!
Thank you, boys. Thank you.
Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said,'Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.'Don't be resigned to that. Break out!
They're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you. Their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of what they were capable? Because you see gentlmen, these boys are now fertilizing daffodils. But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you. Go on, lean in.
My father was an exceptional man.
What the hell are you doing in my Dad's coffin? Frank starts grabbing at Edward's body screaming.
You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit! I won't sleep until the worms are crawlin'up your foam rubber ass! I'm going on safari, motherfucker. safari!
Don't do it, Shel. You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails. These guys are the roughest of all the charities.
It's Rainbow Randolph! Someone stop him!
Okey doke. I'm gon na go get drunk now.
How could you hit the wrong rhino?!
Are you free tonight?
Anyway, designer drugs have a bad name: ice, ecstasy, tar, there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease. But what about completely safe, almost legal, terrific shit you can go to work on and do your job better than you ever did it straight?
In dreams begin responsibilities.
All these people dead! Because you screwed up on the math?
We have paid for each of your Commandments. We have covered every field and stone with ashes. Sanctify another land. Choose another people. Teach them the Deeds and the Prophecies. Grant us but one more blessing, Take back the gift of our holiness.
Yes. You annoy me therefore I exist.
You are a savage creature. John Spartan, I wish you to leave my domicile now!
Wrong. Hey. Luke Skywalker. Use the Force.
Mellow greetings. What seems to be your boggle?
You're going to regret this for the rest of your life. Both seconds of it.
You are even better live than on laserdisc. Oh, and the joyjoy way you paused to make a glib witticism before doing battle with that strangely-weaponed Scrap it was so, so.
Somebody put me back in the fridge.
Why didn't you just shove a leash up my ass?!
You know, I musta done something right in a previous life. Don't know what that coulda been.
Wonder if I can play the accordion now too.
This is the future. Where are the fucking phaser guns?
Only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
Enough of the mom-bashing, all right? Lex's mom is cool about us crashing over here while she's out of town. And if it weren't for Trip's mom, wewouldn'ta smoked that fine Panama Red last night. So leave the women who gave you life out of it. They're both cool.
Tease? What the hell did I do to tease you mongoloids?
Right, stella, and we'll deserve it. But let's really make it worth their while.
Are you waiting for confession? I thought you were Jewish?
Save your money, stud muffin. The lady at the end of the bar sends her love.
One foot out of that office and your asses are Alpo!
God, if you ever get me outta this, I swear I will never masturbate again!
Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels.
What the hell are you doing, Sister Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
Now there's an intelligently biting remark wrought with wit and irony.
Someday you'll have a son just like you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through his teeth, buys demonic records, and smokes the dope just like you.
Oh, Christine! You googatz in the head or something? We're on the side of the freakin'highway!
It's about time you gave up on that stupid dream once and for all. No son of mine is going to be a career musician.
Whatever. Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one thing straight here. As far as I'm concerned good tunes is good tunes, be it disco or rock or polka or whatever have you, regardless of the category. True, if I had to choose, I'd pick the category labelled disco because I happen to enjoy dancing. Disco is just easier to dance to.
Holy shit! We just pissed off the Incredible Hulk, his idiot half brother and two circus clowns.
Oh, thanks for letting us draw from your ample make-up supply. You must have the entire Revlon factory in your purse!
Like a man once said to me, Odell:'Walk out your door in the morning and you're already in trouble'. It's just how you're mixed up in that trouble that counts.
A woman's shoulders are the frontlines of her mystique. And her neck, if she's alive, has the very mystery of a border town. It's the no man's land in the battle between mind and body. You know, your natural color would really bring out your eyes.
Maybe I did. But don't get too cocky. No matter how good you are. Don't let them see you coming. That's the gaff, my friend, make yourself small. Be the hick. The cripple. The nerd. The leper. The shit- kicking surfer. Look at me, I've been underestimated from day one. Do I look like a master of the universe? That's your only weakness as far as I can tell.
God's your prankster, my boy. Think of it. He gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift and then, I swear to you, for his own amusement, his own private, cosmic gag reel, he sets the rules in opposition. It's the goof of all time. Look but don't touch. Touch but don't taste. Taste but don't swallow. And while you're jumping from one foot to the other he's laughing his sick fucking ass off! He's a tight-ass. He's a sadist. He's an absentee landlord! Worship that? Never.
The worst vice is advice, right? But can I make a suggestion? It's about your hair, some people are sensitive, that's why I ask.
Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
Kevin. Kevin!'Behold I send you out as sheep amidst the wolves.'
It was the night before Xmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, expect for the four assholes coming in the rear in standard 2 X 2 cover formation.
I wanted this to be professional, efficient, adult, cooperative. Not a lot to ask. Alas, your Mr. Takagi did not see it that way. So he won't be joining us for the rest of his life. We are prepared to go any way you make us. When we have achieved our aims you can walk out of here. or be carried out. Decide now, each of you. But remember that we have planned everything to the last detail. We are completely in change.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of greed around the globe, it is about to be taught a lesson on real power. You.will be witnesses. If our demands are not met, however, You may become participants instead. Now, whereis.'Takagi'? Where is the man who. used to be in charge here?
You should've heard your brother scream when I broke his fucking neck.
Just remember that when you sign for the tip. They're paying for it, so don't be shy.
When they touch down and we blow the roof, they'll spend a month sifting through the bodies and rubble. By the time they figure out what went wrong. we'll be earning twenty percent like nice fat Capitalists.
Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast. I can handle these clowns. I want to talk to Hans. Hans! Sprickenzie talk?
Mr. Takagi, we could discuss industrialization of men's fashions all day, but I'm afraid my associate, Mr. Theo, has some questions for you. Sort of fill-in-the blanks questions actually.
Well, what have we here. The police've got themselves an R.V. James, Alexander, southeast corner.
C'mon, baby.come to Papa. I'm gon na kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
Why the fuck didn't you stop him? Because, you ignorant sonofabitch, you'd be dead, too. Think.think, Goddamnit!
They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew?
.the circuits that can not be cut. are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident.You ask for miracles, Theo.I give you the FBI.
Authorization? How about the United States Fucking Government? Lose the grid or lose your job!
The fire has been called off, my friend. No one is coming to help you. You might as well come out and join the others. I promise not to hurt you.
No one kills him but me.
Welcome to the party, pal.
A million terrorists in the world and I kill the one with feet smaller than my sister.
Mrs. McClane. How nice to make your acquaintance.
We're both professionals. But this is personal. You.are done.
That was either the creepiest. or the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
Concentrate now. This is for the gold.
It's cool, I'm all green.
Yes, children, this is the Cool Out Corner. We're slowing it down for all the lovers in the house. I'll be giving you all the help you need, musically, that is.
Extra cheese is two dollars.Y'know dat.
Yo! Hold up! Time out! Time out!Y'all take a chill. Ya need to cool that shit out. and that's the truth, Ruth.
Sal, how come you ain't got no brothers up on the wall here?
He won't listen to anybody. He's been very crazy all summer. Since June he's been trying to kill me.
Not born. shit into existence.
All lines are currently down.
Because it's part of the facts. White folks only want to hear the good shit: life eternal, a place in God's kingdom. As soon as they hear they're getting all this from a black Jesus, they freak. And that - my friends - is called Hypocrisy. Folks just can't accept a black Savior. You going to eat that hash brown?
A very basic strategy - if your enemies know where you are, then don't be there.
Mister McGhee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
See? I'm as anatomically impaired as a Ken doll. You meat-puppets and your arrogance - you think everyone's just waiting to rape you.
Consequences, schmonsequences.
You've got ta be kidding me.
Good Lord - he's got a point.
I feel like I'm Han Solo, and you're Chewie, and she's Ben Kenobi, and we're in that fucked up bar. What about sex?
But I'm supposed to be in it. I was the Thirteenth Apostle.
Metatron acts as the voice of God. Any documented occasion when some yahoo claims to have spoken with God, they're speaking to me. Or they're speaking to themselves.
With the exception of Miss Pryce, there is not a decent human being amongst you. Do you know what makes a human being decent? Fear. And therein lies the problem. None of you has anything to fear anymore. You rest comfortably in seats of inscrutable power, hiding behind your false idol, far from judgement - lives shrouded in secrecy even from one another. But not from God.
Yeah. So do you do anal? Is it true that chicks fart if you blast them in the ass?
It's your suggestions that prevent us from negotiating what should be a simple matter of catching or staying on a bus!
And Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own clubs for a better game. And the sink?
Now who's this mother fucker?
Me lead you? Lady, I don't even know where I am half the time. If we're not going to fuck then what the hell did you ask me out for?
No wonder he saw Jesus - homey's rockin'the ganj.
Jay tells us you're going to sleep with him.
A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. People kill for it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now because of the Catholic Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullshit. And whether they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting that belief, and if they're successful, you, me. all of this. ends in a heartbeat. All over a belief.
Death is a worry of the living. The dead only worry about decay and necrophiliacs.
You people. If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing, right? I am a seraphim. The highest choir of angels? You do know what an angel is, don't you?
Now. I should warn you, Mr. Weiss will only be able to meet for about five minutes. so let's make sure to cut to the point. I recommend speaking in short sentences. He has the attention span of a ferret on crystal meth.
I've been training since I was twelve. Knives. Guns. Throwing stars. You name it. I can fight with it. I'm a hard worker and a fast learner. Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die.
To say that Choco is a product of a broken home is to presume a home existed in the first place. No, Choco never had a home. Not unless you count the ten or so juvenile correction facilities where he spent his childhood. < /i >
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
I'm gon na fill up the tank and grab a cup of coffee. Don't make a peep. especially you. Barbara.
Cancer of the prick. Oh, yeah, you didn't know that? Fuggedaboudit. I'm in the medical books with that.
Anything happens, make sure Louise gets the Cadillac.
Christ. I think I shit my pants.
Don nie w hy'd you pay f or th at drink? wiseguy never pays for a drink.
A famous linguist once said. that of all the phrases in the English language, of all the endless combinations of words in all of history. that'Cellar Door'is the most beautiful.
That's not good enough. You've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them. with whatever you wanted.
Mr. Cole. not only am I a TEACHER. but I am also a PARENT of a Middlesex child. Therefore, I am the ONLY person here who transcends the parent-teacher bridge.
28 days. 6 hours. 42 minutes. 12 seconds. That is when the world will end.
I'm voting for Dukakis.
Every living creature. on this earth.dies alone.
Ling Ling finds a wallet on the ground filled with money. She takes the wallet to the address on the driver's license but keeps the money inside the wallet.
Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood.
Excuse me?'No duh'is a product of fear.
Excuse me? You need to go back to grad school.
I promise that one day things will get better for you.
Violence is a product of fear. Those who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person. Learn to truly love yourself. and the world will be yours.
That's all the gusta you can musta? I said,'Good morning!'
Hey, porky pig. I hope you get molested!
Donald, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God. but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Go back to China, bitch!
If the sky were to suddenly open up. there would be no law. there would be no rule. There would only be you and your memories. the choices you've made and the people you've touched. The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged. by which you must judge yourself. Because when this world ends, there will only be you and him. and no one else.
Well. they say it right when they are ripping the place to shreds. When they flood the house. That like. destruction is a form of creation. So the fact that they burn the money is. ironic. They just want to see what happens when they tear the world apart. They want to change things.
Did you stop and think that maybe infants need darkness? That darkness is part of their natural development.
'A storm is coming, Frank says. A storm that will swallow the children. and I will deliver them from the kingdom of pain.''I will deliver the children to their doorsteps. I will send the monsters back to the underground. I will send them back to a place where no one can see them. except for me. Because I am Donnie Darko.'
I get darn sick of picking up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy that sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes. I've had twenty- six years of that, Walter, and I
Who'd you think I was, anyway? A guy that walks into a good-looking dame's front parlor and says'Good afternoon, I sell accident insurance on husbands. You got one that's been around too long? Somebody you'd like to turn into a little hard cash? Just give me a smile and I'll help you collect.'Boy, what a dope I must look to you!
Just like the first time I was here. We were talking about automobile insurance. Only you were thinking about murder. And I was thinking about that anklet.
Fair enough. Just get this: I picked you for the job, not because I think you're so darn smart, but because I thought maybe you were a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit. I guess I was all wet. You're not smarter, Walter. You're just a little taller.
That was all there was to it. Nothing had slipped, nothing had been overlooked, there was nothing to give us away. And yet, Keyes, as I was walking down the street to the drug store, suddenly it came over me that everything would go wrong. It sounds crazy, Keyes, but it's true, so help me: I couldn't hear my own footsteps. It was the walk of a dead man.
Look. A man takes out an accident policy that is worth a hundred thousand dollars if he is killed on a train. Then, two weeks later, he is killed on a train. And not in a train accident, mind you, but falling off some silly observation car. Do you know what the mathematical probability of that is, Walter? One out of I don't know how many billions. And add to that the broken leg. It just can't be the way it looks, Walter. Something has been worked on us.
How would I, Do I laugh now, or wait until it gets funny?
Hello there, Mr. Neff.
I get the general idea. She was a tramp from a long line of tramps.
Walter, you're hurting me.
What about me and the first Mrs. Dietrichson?
Make her stop, you dirty pork queen!
And get your filthy pig knuckle off my desk! Stu is taken aback by Stephanie's outburst. He retreats to his desk in confusion. Stephanie sits, rattled. A drop of blood falls onto a piece of paper on her desk. The blood is trickling from her nose. Stephanie grabs a tissue to halt the bleeding. She looks down to see a large black fly land upon the drop of blood. She gasps and stands, her mind racing. She knows what she must do. She finds Mrs. Ganush's loan documents. She stuffs them into a folder, grabs her purse and bolts for the exit. Mr. Jacks engaged with a customer, calls after her:
You will be surprised what you will be willing to do when the Lamia comes for you. She considers his words, looks down to the book. CLOSE ON A DIAGRAM OF AN ANIMAL SACRIFICE - A creature's heart being cut from it's body. CAMERA pulls back to reveal that Stephanie now site at her kitchen table, reading the book. We see other diagrams: The heart being placed into a skillet over an open fire. The burial of the smoking heart. Stephanie's kitten PURRS, as it rubs against her leg. Stephanie closes the book, shutting out the disturbing images. She hears the SHRIEK of the rusty gate outside. She moves to the window and peers out. The rusting iron gate is open. Stephanie senses a change in the room. Shadows shift and grow deeper. The air is suddenly oppressive. Something is coming.
The soul of Stephanie Brownl We will feast upon it, as she festers in the gravel
I beat you, you old bitch! Next time take your Geretol! The old woman bends down, beneath Stephanie's view. Stephanie looks about. Where'd she go? The old woman pops up into view, raising a chunk of concrete and. CRASHI Stephanie SCREAMS as the window shatters. The old woman's head juts into the cart She clamps her toothless maw down upon Stephanie.'s chin. Suckling it, gumming. The old woman's good eye rolls about in ecstacy. Stephanie SHRIEKS as she pushes the slobbering head away. Strands of spittle form a bridge from the old woman's mouth to Ste phanie's jaw. The old woman's wrinkled hands grope about the front seat. She finds her dentures, now damaged from the fight. She GRUNTS as she jams them back into her mouth. She comes at Stephanie, mouth wide open and SHRIEKING! Stephanie grabs the wooden ruler from her cardboard box and shoves it down the old lady's throat. Mrs. Ganush gags, trying to retch up the ruler.
It's a shield. I made it. Might keep the fire off you. Might not. You know, you're an idiot. You're going to die tonight. You'll be ripped limb from limb. This is the last time I'll ever speak to you.
Unclean beast, get thee down! Be thou consumed by the fires that made you!
My lord Ulrich is no longer. All that you asked of him, you may now expect of me. The dangers he would face, I will now conquer. The task he would undertake I will now fulfill. I am Galen Bradwardyn, inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, and I am the Sorcerer you seek.
If he's ready to lay a dragon in its grave, he's got nothing to fear from me. I've no more love for that creature than you lot. Nor has the King. But, before you stir things up, don't you think it a good idea to see you've got the right man for the job?
All hail Casiodorus Rex, Dragon slayer!
I shoved your tap shoes in my jeans before I was blown outta the house, Honey. Check with the guy who cut my pants off. He should have kem.
Ahhh. Beautiful as a whore's ass today. Eh, boys?
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
One with strong roots in a community like Mount Rose, a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
Fuckin'beauty queens blowin'chunks everywhere. I've never seen anything like it before, and I live in L.A. Hey, Ed.
With two weeks until the pageant. I was practicing my talent. Finishing my costume, brushing up on current events, and running eighteen miles a day on about four hundred calories. I was ready.
Oh, yah-sure, Freda, yah. She was the oldest livin'Lutheran. Now she's dead as a doornail. It's them damn Shriners who ain't taken that Goddamn sign down yet - those lazy sons-a- bitches. I tells kem, I tells kem every goddamn year,'Take the Goddamn Freda sign down, you lazy sons-a-bitches!'
Why? Well, uh, it's kind of like askin','Why do all the guys chew Copenhagen?'You know? I mean, if you're seventeen and you're not a total fry, it's just what you do.
Yah-my ma's clothes all melted onto mine forming like this big polyester meteor in our closet,y'know? But, in some kinda weird miracle, our neighbor boy, Kenny Johanson, found my tap costume on the roof-a their trailer while he was settin'coon traps for his dad. Here's the weird part. It was still on the hanger.
They're never gon na let you perform naked. I asked.
That's why, dear Lord, it's with such great sorrow that we turn over to you a young woman whose dream of ridin'on a giant swan brought about her untimely death. Maybe it's your way of telling us to buy American.
English! English, you stupid little retard! We America now, Tina!
There's your paint can. The next time you drink window cleaner, I'm just gon na leave it in ya.
I chose Mount Rushmore, because to live in a country where you can take an ugly old mountain and put faces on it, faces of great Americans, who did so much to make our country super great, well that makes me - Rebecca Leeman - PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
I don't eat shellfish. Mom always says,'Don't ever eat nothin'that can carry its house around with it - who knows the last time it's been cleaned.'She should know..
I can sum up our entire philosophy with this glass. I look at it and say,'it's half full.'Which, in the beauty pageant biz means,'Where the hell's my waiter!'
Hi, I-I'm Amber Atkins and, um, I'm signin'upk'cause, ah, my two favorite people in the world competed. My mom and Diane Sawyer.Course I hope I end up a little more like Diane Sawyer than my mom.
If any form of pleasure is exhibited Report to me and it will be prohibited. I'll put my foot down; So shall it be - This is the land of the free. The last man nearly ruined this place He didn't know what to do with it. If you think this country's bad off now Just wait'till I get through with it. The treasury is low on dough; The last man went and flew with it. If you think we're short of money now Just wait'till I get through with it. The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait'till I get through with it.
Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones.
I can turn on all the faucets in my house. Even the hose.
Who is the little one? A pet, perhaps? Will she deserve my special attentions?
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me.
This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you. Some thoughts have a certain sound. that being the equivalent to a form. Through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or burst his organs. We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.
I'll miss the sea. but a person needs new experiences. they jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change, something sleeps inside us. and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
Why prolong the inevitable? I will kill you! I will kill him!
Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work.
You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
My own name is a killing word. Will it be a healing word as well?
You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
Father!. Father! THE SLEEPER HAS
Long live the fighters!
Put the pick in there Pete And turn it round real neat.
For. he is the Kwisatz Haderach!
It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed - The lips acquire stains - The stains become a warning - It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
Bring in that floating fat man. the Baron.
Bless the Maker and his water. Bless the coming and going of him. May his passage cleanse the world.
Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.
Stay alive a little longer.
Semyon recommends these places for business meetings because you can see what tattoos a man has.
My name is Tatiana. My father died in the mines in my village, so he was already buried when he died. We were all buried there. Buried under the soil of Russia. That is why I left to find a better life.
Sometimes if things are closed you just open them up, you know?
This guy's not a driver. He's an undertaker.
Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little babies.
You belong in there. With nice people. Stay away from people like me.
OK, now I'm going to do his teeth and cut off his fingers. You might want to leave the room.
`Sentimental value'. I've heard of that.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it.
Anger is very dangerous. It makes people do stupid things. Forget any of this ever happened. You're in the wrong place, Anna Ivanovna.
You know where I am, Anna Ivanovna.
We don't have a permit. RUN!
What does that old queen know? He wasn't even there! Sending a copy boy to do his dirty work. Well fuck him!
This is the one. I know I'll be remembered for this film.
Children! I love children.
'Home. I have no home. Hunted. despised. living like an animal, the jungle is my home! But I will show the world that I can be its master. I shall perfect my own race of people. a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world!'
So change the poster. Trust me, you'll be better off. This is a story that's gon na grab people. It's about this guy. He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses. Should he tell her? Should he not tell her? He's torn. George, this is DRAMA.
They're driving me crazy! These Baptists are stupid, stupid, STUPID!
Greetings, my friend. You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable. that is why you are here. So now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full story of what happened. We are giving you all the evidence, based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal. The incidents, the places, my friend, we can not keep this a secret any longer. Can your hearts stand the shocking facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood, Junior?
Are you IN5ANE? I'm the director! I make the casting decisions around here!
I'm not getting near that goddamn thing. One of those burned me on'The Return Of Chandu.'
They don't want the classic horror films anymore. Today, it's all giant bugs, giant spiders, giant grasshoppers, who would believe such nonsense!
I refuse to drive in this country. Too many madmen.
I see the usual gang of misfits and dope addicts are here. Say, who's the lug?
Eddie, we're in show biz! It's all about razzle-dazzle. Appearances. If you dress nice and talk well, people will swallow anything.
I think she's a honey. Look at those jugs.
Look, you put anybody on TV sixteen hours a day, at some point they're going to wind up rolling off a table on to a cat. I mean with no privacy, there's no. dignity.
How about it? Is there some special lady in your life?
I got a doctor friend might be able to help you. Aren't they most incredible?
Who's handicapped? My goodness! Don't be ridiculous. You're not handicapped. You're. What do they call that? Exceptional. My name's Joyce. And I noticed that you have not tasted any of the ambrosia salad that I made especially for you. Allow me.
I'm looking for the man with scissors.
I don't know. Not for sure. But I believe he is. You see, before he came down here, it never snowed. And afterwards it did. If he weren't up there now, I don't think it would be snowing. Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it.
One chop to guy's neck. And it's all over. They're the sharpest things in the world. They can hack through anything. And.
I know it's a little early for Christmas, Edward, but I have a present for you.
Snuggle in, sweetie. It's cold out there.
Forget holding her hand. Picture the damage he could do other places.
He has been sent first to tempt you. But it's not too late. You must push him from you. Expel him. Trample down the perversion of nature.
All along I felt in my gut. There was something wrong with him.
I can't eat that. He used his hands. I don't think it's sanitary. but drops it in her lap by
Here we are. So, oh, this is the living room and back here, the bedrooms. You want to see the pictures? All right. Well, this is my husband, Bill. He's a bowling champion. Do you know what bowling is? Bowling? Well, here they are down at the lake, fishing. I think Kevin looks a little glum Because they didn't catch anything that day. And here's my daughter, Kim. All dressed up the junior prom. She's a senior now. I can't believe it. She's camping in the mountains with some friends, but she'll be back in a few days and you can meet her then. Isn't she beautiful? That's my family. Now, go on, dear. I'll show you the rest of the house. Then you can just freshen up and make yourself at home. Okay? That's the kitchen over there. You help yourself to anything you want to eat or drink. Those are grapes. Back here are the bedrooms. Let me get you some towels, then I will see what we can find to wear. You know what? I think I have some of Bill's old clothes in here. This is perfect. Here. These should just fit you. Oh, no, no. Don't be alarmed. That's just a phone. Now you can go in Kim's room and put these on. I'll be right with you.
Eddie. The guys and I were talking, we'd like want to invite you to our card game on Friday night. Would you like that? Only thing is, you can't cut.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Hello? Hello? Avon calling, oh my. Hello, I'm Peg Boggs. I'm your local Avon representative. Hello. I'm sorry to barge in like this. But you don't have any reason to be afraid. This is some huge house, isn't it? Thank goodness for those aerobics classes.
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies. You can't buy car with cookies. Am I right, Jim?
The light concealing cream goes on first, then you blend and blend and blend. Blending is the secret. More concealing for you? But you complexion is so fair. Now this has a touch of lavender in it. Give it a try here. Close enough. OK. This should do the trick here. I have another idea. We'll cover up the scars and start with a completely smooth surface. Don't eat this stuff! Sports announcements on
Good morning, Azul. Do you know who this is?
If you died right now, I would throw myself into one of my Dad's cement trucks and get poured into your tomb.
When I think back on my relationship with Mr. Novotny, what I miss most. is our talks.
Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come on, fill me up
They say if you lie between two of the main wires, your body just evaporates. You become a gas. I wonder what that would feel like.
We all know it doesn't matter who gets elected president of Millard. You think it's going to change anything around here, make one single person happier or smarter or nicer? The only person it matters to is the one who gets elected. The same pathetic charade happens every year, and everyone makes the same pathetic promises just so they can put it on their transcripts to get into college. So vote for me, because I don't even want to go to college, and I don't care, and as president I won't do anything. The only promise I make is that if elected I will immediately dismantle the student government, so that none of us will ever have to sit through one of these stupid assemblies again!
And I think certain older persons like you and your'colleague'shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant. And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
None of this would have happened if Mr. McAllister hadn't meddled the way he did. He should have just accepted things as they are instead of trying to interfere with destiny. You see, you can't interfere with destiny. That's why it's destiny. And if you try to interfere, the same thing's going to happen anyway, and you'll just suffer.
I sure was surprised the day Lisa Flanagan asked me for a ride home and ended up blowing me.
Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
Mr. McAllister. Mr. McAllister. Somebody tore down my posters. It's not fair. It's not fair. Can I have an A? Can I have a recommendation? Can I? Can I?
like you could use a cupcake! What
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here. Just tell me who won.
The sight of Tracy at that moment affected me in a way I can't fully explain. Part of it was that she was spying, but mostly it was her face. Looking at her, you might think she was a sweet, innocent teenage girl. But she wasn't sweet. And she wasn't innocent. She was selfish and cynical and ambitious and thought nothing of destroying the lives of others to get to the top. who knew how high she would climb in life, how many people would suffer because of her? I had to stop her now.
Then there's. something you could do for me - something I've not known for a very long time - if you felt so inclined -
We mortals have many weaknesses. We feel too much. Hurt too much. And all too soon, we die. But we do have the chance of love.
This is not the Queen I love and serve.
Let's pray, Bess. May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
Why be afraid of tomorrow? Today's all we have, and all we know.
The puddle man is outside, majesty.
I like your immensities. Your ocean is an image of eternity, I think. Such great spaces make us small. Do we discover the New World, Mr Raleigh, or does the New World discover us?
I will not be a toy of the fates! Have I not faced an assassin's bullet and lived?
And they know very well that if I fall, they all come tumbling down after me.
I've never known a woman like you.
Stacy.Stacy.maybe now isn't the best time for the I-Told-You-So speech.
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
The NSA's been in bed with the entire tele-communications industry since the 40's. They've infected everything: Banks, computers, phones, mail, name it. The more technology we buy into, the easier it is keeping tabs on us. It's a brave new world. At least it better be.
It does sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Stay calm! This is NOT happening. The King then hurries out of a door at the top of the staircase.
First we're flying - now we're sinking!
That's a fucking fortune, Ed. And you know I'm the last person on Earth to walk away from a big payday. But you and me didn't get into this to get rich. We did it cause we both have this voice in our heads saying, do the right thing; get these plaintiffs what they deserve, the right to live and die in some kind of comfort and peace. If 50,000 isn't gon na buy that, then we got ta say no. Trust me. If you don't do the right thing for these people, getting that 6 million dollars is gon na feel like shit.
I don't need pity. I need a paycheck. And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn. So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gon na be okay, you should be the one to hire me.
Okay, fine. I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference
10 years old, 11 in May. Lived on the plume since birth. Wanted to be a synchronized swimmer, so she spent every minute she could in the PG & E pool. She had a tumor in her brain stem detected last November, had an operation on Thanksgiving, shrunk it with radiation after that. Her parents are Rita and Ted. Ted's got Chron's disease, and Rita has chronic headaches and nausea and underwent a hysterectomy last fall. Ted grew up in Hinkley. His brother Robbie and his wife May and their five kids Robbie, Jr. Martha, Ed, Rose, and Peter lived on the plume too. Their number's 454-9445. You want their diseases?
Not personal? That's my work in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time. If that's not personal, I don't know what is.
God save me and watch over you all.
Bad neighborhood, Snake! You don't want to be walking from the Bowery to 42nd street at night! I've been driving a cab here for 30 years and I'm telling you, you don't walk around here at night! Yes, sir! They'll kill you and strip you in ten seconds flat. Usually I'm not down around here myself, but I wanted to catch that show.
Good evening. Although I shall not be present at this historic summit meeting, I present this, in the hope that our great nations may learn to live in peace.
You're on camera, Mr. President.
You want to see him sprayed all over that map, baby? Where's the President?!
You. You are. the Duke of New. New York. You're. A-Number-One.
It's about the survival of the human race, Plissken. Something you don't give a shit about.
Attention. You are now entering the debarkation area. No talking. No smoking. The next scheduled departure to the prison is in two hours. You now have the option to terminate and be cremated on the premises. If you elect this option, notify the duty sergeant in your processing area.
Because I loathe and detest bananas.
I would like you to call me. Would you do that? I would like that.
Sorry. I was just trying to be nice.
You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything. Every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me.
My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice. Right now, anyway. I can't tell from one moment to the next what I'm going to like. But right now I'm glad you said,'that's okay'to me. That was nice of you.
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here. That way you won't be confused later by their unexplainable presence in your home.
I could die right now, Clem. I'm just happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be.
That was beautiful to watch, Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
Look at it out here. It's falling apart. I'm erasing you. And I'm happy.
Drink up, young man. It'll make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
I don't need nice. I don't need myself to be it and I don't need anyone else to be it at me.
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.
I really want her to pick me up. It's weird how strong that desire is.
Happy. Happy with a secret.
Look at him. Perverse as a pink pickle.
Freak, schmeek. Most of us are freaks in one way or another. Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean.
Everything green on my boards, Skipper.
You can't leave. She won't let you.
I'm gon na check dinner.
An animal?! An an.ha-ha-ha-ha-ha- that's the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life. Jesus Christ.
I'm all right now, Ashly. I'm all right. Come unlock this chain and let me out.
Now, now the sun will be up in an hour or so and we'll get out of here.together. You, me, Linda, Shelly- n-no not Shelly, she- we'll all go home together. Wouldn't you like to be going home? You'd like that I'd bet, wouldn't ya?
Thank you. I don't know what I would have done if I had remained on the hot coals burning my pretty flesh. You have pretty skin- give it to us!
It's useless, useless, useless. In time we'll come for him, then you ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-
We're not gon na die! We're not gon na die! We're getting out of here! Now listen to me- is there a way around the chasm.
Soon all of you will be like me and then who will lock you in the cellar? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-
You.can't bury Shelly. She's a friend of ours isn't she?
It is done. The future has found root in the present.
Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Merlin, where are you? To weave a mist, to hide us.
You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
Death to the demoness Allegra Geller.
I suppose the smaller caliber pistols would have to fire baby teeth. The tooth fairy could go I into the arms business.
Written like this. One word. Small e. Capital X, capital Z. He turns back to face an as-yet-unseen audience.
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man.
Forget him, sir. It's only Pollux Troy.
You don't know why I'm here do you? In 1991 the United States invaded Iraq, and afterwards weapons inspectors discovered Saddam was six months off enriching uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb. He had fissile material. And not a single person at the CIA, from the DCI down to the janitor had the slightest clue that such a program even existed. So now, one decade on, are you telling me that you're 100 % sure these tubes are not intended to create nuclear weapons?
Uh, sir.Larry King called, to cancel. Apparently, there's a bigger story.
Why the long face?
Good thing you're flexible enough to watch your own back.'Cause you're on your own now.
I found a broken gasket, from space
You look like an eighties rock band.
Hey, that's Ben Grimm there, the first mook from Brooklyn to go to outer space, so pay him some respect!
Digital camera: $ 254. Memory stick: $ 59. The look on your hard-ass former CO's grill when he finds out he's your junior officer: priceless.
Yeah, I have that effect on people.
I swear to you, I will do everything in my power until there is not a breath left in me: you are going to be Ben again.
Nice'do. Going for the'grandpa'look?
You don't know the meaning of the word.
That's my nose, genius. These are my lips.
Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
How bad is it? You know I used to smoke.
Look around. I'll get us drinks. They always let blind girls cut the line.
Had a little relapse, huh?
Tell me. When you grew up in Brooklyn, how many astronauts did you know? You went your own way then. You didn't listen to people. So why start now?
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal. I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Ash, that was pure, wild animal craziness. You're an athlete. Ash swallows. He beams. He sits up straighter.
One of those slovenly farmers is probably wearing my tail as a necktie by now.
I love you, too, but I shouldn't have married you. Mrs. Fox turns and walks away. Fox stares after her. He goes over to Ash.
If what I think is happening is
Y'all are trespassin', now. Illegally.'Round these parts, we don't take kindly to cider poachers. Fox and Rat stare at each other. Fox says, finally:
I'm seven non-fox-years old now. My father died at seven and a half. I don't want to live in a hole anymore, and I'm going to do something about it. Fox kisses Mrs. Fox's paw. He suddenly eats three slices of toast in a second and a half, savagely but neatly. He stands and picks up his cup of coffee.
The Medieval Philosophers were right. < Man > is the center of the Universe. We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
You'll wind up a Hindu. Respecting all forms of life, however small.
How much can a man give to his country?
Let's keep still back there, lady, or we're gon na have to, ya know, to shoot ya.. Hey
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
Huh? Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here..
Yeah, I decided not to park here..
For Pete's s- he's fleein'the interview. He's feelin'the interview.. Detective
You're sayin'- what're you sayin'?
Ah, ya got Arbie's allo'er me.
Okay, so we got a state trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, and these folks drive by, and we got a high-speed pursuit, ends here, and this execution-type deal.
I'm not talkin'about your damn word, Jerry. Geez, what the heck're you?. Well, look, I don't want to cut you out of the loop, but his here's a good deal. I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently.
How was everything today?
I think I came. Didn't you feel it?
You. are a wuss. Part wimp. Part pussy.
Hey! Wait a minute! There's no birthday party for me here!
Awesome. Totally awesome.
What do you mean'better in bed.'You either do it or you don't.
I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold.
I can see it all now. This is going to be just like the girl you fell in love with at Fotomat this summer. You bought forty bucks of fuckin'film and you never even talked to her.
Aloha. My name is Mr. Hand.
Your sister is really turning into a fox.
This is U.S. History, right? I saw the globe in the window.
That guy has been stoned since the third grade.
Doesn't anybody fuckin'knock anymore?
Stay away from my life, my wife, my home and my pets! I'm taking Lana on a vacation and when I come back, I don't ever want to see your face again!
What're you gon na do, Ned? Blow me away?
You really are incredibly stupid, aren't you? I like that in a man.
It's okay. He's admiring the shape of your skull.
All energy flows according to the whims of the Great Magnet.
Do they pay you to screw that bear?
That's good. Because I want you to have all the background. This is a very ominous assignment, with overtones of extreme personal danger. I'm a Doctor of Journalism! This is important, goddamnit! This is a true story!.
Not me. It would blast you through the wall, stone dead in ten seconds and they'd make me explain it!
There he goes, one of God's own prototypes, a high powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live and too rare to die.
And eat them! That bastard won't get away with this! What's going on in this country when a scum sucker like that can get away with sandbagging a Doctor of Journalism?
I really don't know, but at her age, if she did smoke grass, she'd have one hell of a trip!
Of course. But if I were you, I'd leave the Doctor alone until after he's eaten breakfast. He's a very crude man.
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds!
Dogs fucked the Pope, no fault of mine. Watch out!. Why money? My name is Brinks; I was born. Born?
This was a superior machine, ten grand worth of gimmicks and high price special effects. The rear windows leapt up with a touch like frogs in a dynamited pond. The dashboard was full of esoteric lights and dials and meters that I would never understand.
A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
Yeah. I know. I'm guilty. I understand that. I knew it was a crime but I did it anyway. Shit, why argue? I'm a fucking criminal.
If the Pigs were gathering in Vegas, I felt the Drug Culture should be represented as well. and there was a certain bent appeal in the notion of running a savage burn on one Las Vegas hotel and then just wheeling across town and checking into another.
One toke. You poor fool. Wait till you see those goddamn bats.
I hate to say this, but this place is getting to me. I think I'm getting The Fear.
Don't take any guff from these swine. Now we need a sound store with the finest equipment. Nothing dinky. One of those new Belgian Heliowatts with a voice-activated shotgun mike, for picking up conversations in oncoming cars.
Stay calm. Stay calm. I'm a relatively respectable citizen, a multiple felon, perhaps, but certainly not dangerous.
You poor fools don't understand, do you? This car is the property of the World Bank! That money goes to
There was only one road back to L.A. US Interstate 15, just a flat-out high speed burn through Baker and Barstow and Berdoo, then on to the Hollywood Freeway straight into frantic oblivion: safety, obscurity, just another freak in the Freak Kingdom.
Shit, he's killing himself!
Do? Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood!
The possibility of physical and mental collapse is very real. No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Order some golf shoes. Otherwise, we'll never get out of this place alive. It's impossible to walk in this muck, no footing at all.
Never missed a plane yet.
Step right up! Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat!
With a bit of luck his life was ruined, forever thinking that just behind some narrow door in all his favorite bars, men in red Pendleton shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know.
What kind of rat-bastard psychotic would play that song, right now, at this moment?
Why not? Is this not a reasonable place to park?
FINISH THE FUCKING STORY! What happened?! What about the glands?
Bazooko Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich.
Jesus, bad waves of paranoia, madness, fear and loathing, intolerable vibrations in this place. Get out! The weasels were closing in. I could smell the ugly brutes. Flee!
You drive! I think there's something wrong with me.
Total control now. Tooling along the main drag on a Saturday night in Vegas, two good old boys in a fire apple red convertible. stoned, ripped, twisted. Good people!
One of the things you learn, after years of dealing with drug people, is that you can turn your back on a person, but never turn your back on a drug. Especially when it's waving a razor-sharp hunting knife in your eyes.
My attorney had never been able to accept the notion, often espoused by former drug abusers, that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them. And neither have I, for that matter.
You people voted for Hubert Humphrey! You killed Jesus!
We can't stop here - this is bat country!
Those of us who had been up all night were in no mood for coffee and donuts. We wanted strong drink. We were, after all, the Absolute Cream of the National Sporting Press and we were gathered here, in Las Vegas, for a very special assignment. And when it comes to things like this you don't fool around.
Our vibrations were getting nasty, but why? Was there no communication in this car? Had we deteriorated to the level of dumb beasts?
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Has it been five years? Six? It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
Ferris Bueller. You know him?
Cameron's never been in love. At least no one's ever been in love with him. He's gon na marry the first girl he lays. And she's gon na treat him like shit because he's gon na kiss her ass for giving him what he's built-up in his mind as the end-all, be-all of human existance. She won't respect him because you can't respect someone who kisses your ass. It just doesn't work.
Pardon my French but you're an asshole!
You have reached the Coughlin Bros. Mortuary. We are unable to come to the phone right now but if you'll leave your name and number.
Do you realize that if I played by the rules, right now I'd be in gym?
They've been in pocket. They're real soft and warm.
He's very popular, Ed. Sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, pinheads, dweebies, wonkers, richies, they all adore him.
Excuse me. If whoever's in the house is still in the house, I'd like you to know that I have just called the police. If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll get your ass out of my house real quick.
Not that I condone fascism. Or and'isms'.'Isms', in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an'ism'. He should believe in himself. John Lennon said it on his first solo album.'I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me.'A good point there. Afterall, he was the Walrus.
If anybody needs a day off, it's Cameron. He has alot of things to sort out before he graduates. He can't be wound this tight and go to college. His roommate'll kill him. I've come close myself. But I like him. He's a little easier to take when you know why he's like he is. The boy can not relax. Pardon by French but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond. And Cameron would worry that he'd owe taxes on it.
Watch your mouth this time.
It must've been Tuesday. he was wearing his'cornflower-blue'tie.
With insomnia, nothing is real. Everything is far away. Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy.
You want to see pain? Swing by First Methodist Tuesday nights. See the guys with testicular cancer. That's pain.
I'm not paying this back. I consider it'asshole tax.'
A generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is the answer we really need.
Me too. I got a stomach full of Xanax. I took what was left of a bottle. Might've been too much.
'The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception.'
You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
His name is Robert Paulson.
You buy furniture. You tell yourself: this is the last sofa I'll ever need. No matter what else happens, I've got the sofa issue handled. Then, the right set of dishes. The right dinette.
In the world I see, you're stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center. You will wear leather clothes that last you the rest of your life. You will climb the wrist- thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
Deja vu, all over again.
Go ahead, Cornelius. You can cry.
Every evening I died and every evening I was born again. Resurrected.
I had it all. Even the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, proof they were crafted by the honest, simple, hard-working indigenous peoples of wherever.
When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep and you're never really awake. I hadn't slept in four days.
This is a chemical burn. It will hurt more than you've ever been burned and you will have a scar.
Then. something happened. I was lost in oblivion, dark and silent and complete.
On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
The first rule of fight club is, you don't talk about fight club. The second rule of fight club is, you don't talk about fight club. The third rule of fight club is, when someone says'stop'or goes limp, the fight is over. Fourth rule is, only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule, one fight at a time. Sixth rule, no shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule, fights go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule, if this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.
This isn't a for-real suicide thing. This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
Life insurance pays off triple if you die on a business trip.
He had a plan. Maybe you just didn't see it till it hit you between the eyes. But, it started to make sense. in a Tyler sort of way. No fear. No distractions. The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide.
'I reject the basic assumptions of civilization, including material possession.'
You know the drill. You said if anyone ever tries to interfere with Project Mayhem, even you, we got to get his balls.
It's called a'changeover.'The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name.
Candy-stripe a cancer ward. It's not my problem.
Strangers with this kind of honesty make me go a big rubbery one.
Tyler sold the soap to department stores at twenty bucks a Ear. God knows what they charged. How ironic. We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them.
We have front row seats for this Theater of Mass Destruction. The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of ten buildings with blasting gelatin. In two minutes, primary charges will blow base charges, and those buildings will be reduced to smoldering rubble. I know this because Tyler knows this.
You have a kind of sick desperation in your laugh.
I don't know, either. I want to find out. I've never been hit, have you?
Like everyone else, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct.
I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise.
I've been going to debtor's anonymous. You want to see some truly fucked up people?
If I didn't say anything, people assumed the worst. They cried harder. I cried harder.
Except for their humping, Tyler and Marla were never in the same room.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything. The IBM Stellar Sphere. The Philip Morris Galaxy. Planet Starbucks.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
I'm sorry. you met me at a very strange time in my life.
I am Jack's Raging Bile Duct.
Fuck my life. Fuck fight club. Fuck you and fuck Marla. I'm sick of this. How's that?
I am Jack's Cold Sweat.
If you wake up at a different time and in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?
Something on your mind?
The first soap was made from the ashes of heroes. Like the first monkeys shot into space.
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
I would flip through catalogs and wonder,'What kind of dining set defines me as a person?'We used to read pornography. Now it was the Horchow Collection.
After fight club, everything else in your life gets the volume turned down. You can deal with anything.
When the fight was over, nothing was solved, but nothing mattered.
I got right in everyone's hostile little face. Yes, these are bruises from fighting. I'm comfortable with them. I am enlightened.
He was full of pep. Must've had his grande latte enema.
I Am Jack's Smirking Revenge.
Fight club was the beginning. Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it, Project Mayhem.
The things you own, they end up owning you.
We just had a near-life experience.
A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough. After a few weeks, he was carved out of wood.
We've just lost cabin pressure.
As I squeeze past, do I give you the ass or the crotch? We
I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around.
You are the worst thing that ever happened to me.
Don't worry. It's not a threat to you.
Rusted. Tetanus. Nice touch. I overlooked it. You tried to capitalize. But I caught you, you fuck. I can beat you. Not forever, but I got this cabin rigged to beat you NOW!
there are no accidents. No coincidencess. No mishaps. And no. escapes. You
There they go and here we stay.
No one gets back on board. That's my
Hey, I won't let it happen, okay.
And I fuckin'HATED FRENCH CLASS!
I got this. feeling. a weird feeling. I can't explain it.
You already did that by walking off the plane. Now you got ta out when Play your hunch, Alex. If you think you can get away from it. But beware the risk of cheating the And you don't even want to fuck with
Because of you. I'm still alive.
You have a responsibility to tell me.
Shoulda felt up Tammy in the pool, that time.
Because he knows which one of us is next.
Please tell me I'm gon na get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
You can't cheat destiny. I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die.
If it's my time to go, to be in heaven with my family, then I can accept that.
Hello, Clear. I've been keeping an eye out for you.
Yeah, you're acting like we all just got theDiff'rent Strokes curse or something.
There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gon na die. All of us! I saw it!
But we're all going to die. We can't stop it. It's just a matter of time. I'm so scared.
Dead. But still fresh.
Which means Death could be coming for us.
Ever hear of the Ozone layer, asshole?
Quick! To the top of Mt. Wannahockaloogie!
I'm havin'fish tonight!
Aah, I've lost count. Fish aren't meant to be in a box, kid. It does things to'ya.
So just then, the sea cucumber looks over to the mollusk and says:'with fronds like these, who needs anemones?'!
Kid, if there's anything you need, just ask your auntie Deb, that's me. Or if I'm not around, you can always talk to my sister Flo. Hi, how are you? Don't listen to anything my sister says, she's nuts! Ha ha ha ha!
Something's wrong with you, really. You're wasting my time. I have to find my son.
Ugh! The human mouth is a disgusting place.
Dolphins! Yeah, they think they're sooo cute!'Hey, look at me. I'm a flippin'little dolphin! Let me flip for'ya! Ain't I a somethin'!'
They just got ta grow up the drop off?! They're going to the drop off?! Wh-what are you, insane?! Why don't we fry'em up now and serve them with chips!?
An outie. From my neck of the woods, eh? Sorry if I ever took a snap at you. Fish got ta swim, birds got ta eat.
I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I died, I'm dead.
Aw, you guys made me ink.
Look, here's something!'ESSS-CA-PE'! I wonder what that means. It's funny, it's spelled just like the word'escape'.
Oh, intro. Jellyman, Offspring. Offspring, Jellyman.
'I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food'.
No, you can't! You think you could do these things but you can't, Nemo!
All drains lead to the ocean, kid.
If this is some kind of practical joke, it's not funny! And I know funny.I'm a clownfish!
Curl away, my son. Aw, it's awesome, Jellyman. Little dudes are just eggs, leave'em on the beach to hatch, then coo-coo-ca-choo, they find their way back to the big'ol blue.
Uh, dad, you can let go now.
Of course he wants us to go there! That's eating us! How do I taste, Moby!? Huh!? Do I taste good!? You tell him I'm not interested in being lunch!
No! I didn't come this far to be breakfast!
No, you're insane! You can't speak whale! I have to get out! I have to find my son! I have to tell him how old sea turtles are!
He really doesn't mean it,y'know! He never even knew his father!
That's the shortest red light I've ever seen!
See this tentacle? It's actually shorter than all my other tentacles but you can't really tell.Especially when I twirl them like this.
Thank God, the police.
Can I borrow your towel for a minute?
Look! Defenseless babies!
Goddammit, Mac! Get that pig unfucked and get it in the treeline!
Coons? When raccoons try to get on our back porch, Momma just chase'em off with a broom.
Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
She had got the cancer and died on a Tuesday. I bought her a new hat with little flowers on it.
Well, that's what's left after me saying,'When I was in China on the All-America Ping-Pong Team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flex- O-Ping-Pong Paddle.'Which everybody knows it isn't true, but Momma says it's just a little white lie so it wouldn't hurt nobody. So, anyway, I'm putting all that on gas, ropes and new nets and a brand-new shrimpin'boat.
Sometimes I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
He should not be hitting you, Jenny.
I, I. don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice.
You can sit here if you want.
And'cause I was godzillionaire and I liked doing it so much. I cut that grass for free.
Hello. My name's Forrest Gump.
Listen, you promise me something, okay? Just if you're ever in trouble, don't try to be brave, you just run, okay? Just run away.
.always said dyin'was a part of life.
Lieutenant Dan, I got you some ice cream. Lieutenant Dan, ice cream.
Forrest, I never thanked you for saving my life.
Yeah, sir, you might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way. The lights are off, and they must be looking for the fuse box or something,'cause them flashlights they're, they're keeping me awake.
I'm sorry I ruined your New Year's Eve party, Lieutenant Dan. She tastes like cigarettes.
That boy sure is a running fool.
Momma said they'd take my anywhere.
Momma always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.
That's all I have to say about that.
Her dream had come true. She was a folk singer.
He must be the stupidest son-of-a- bitch alive. But he sure is fast!
Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit? Turn it off!
We did it right there, in the big cauldron!
What's the problem? I don't got a problem, I got fuckin'problems! Wan na hear?
Well, most recently, there's room 716. There's a scary Mexican gangster dude pokin'his finger in my chest. There's his hooligan kids snapping their fingers at me. There's the putrid rotting corpse of a dead whore stuffed in the springs of a bed. There're rooms blazing afire. There's a needle from God knows where stuck in my leg, infecting me with God knows what, and finally, there's me walking out the fuckin'door right now! Buenas noches.
It's hard to stop talking about something so huge. I could go on and on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop, wang, thang, hotrod. Hump mobile, Oscar, dong, dagger, banana, cucumber, salami. Sausage, kielbasa, schlong, dink, tool, Big Ben, Mister Happy, prick, disk, pecker, peter, pee-pee, wee-wee, weiner, pisser, pistol, joint, hose, horn, middle-leg, third- leg, meat, stick, joystick, dipstick.
What didn't you do, stick man? Unfortunately, you don't have the balls to back up the actions of your huge cock.
Great Goddess Diana, fail you I will, I was to bring fresh sperm from my Bill. I had him erect, and his semen would follow But alas I was hot, so hot that I swallowed.
What? We ain't got any needles here, kid. Just a big fucking gun.
I drive a motherfuckin'Honda my sister sold me. You hear what I'm sayin'? A little white motherfuckin'Honda Civic. You see this shit?!'Hollywood's hottest new star, next to America's hottest old car.'Now you take a good look at that machine that this motherfucker over here is standing next to. That's a 1964 nigger-red, rag-top Chevy Corvelle. And I love that car more'n I love hips, lips, and fingertips. Cut to we sittin'here celebrating, gettin'high, drinkin'champagne
I'm coming up and if there isn't a dead body by the time I get there, I'll make one myself. You!
Your dad says he doesn't trust babysitters. I don't blame him. You know what my babysitter did to me once? I never told my parents, either.
Everyone starts out strangers, Ted, it's where we end up that counts. Hurry up.
Even a broken clock gets to be right twice a day.
You know what nobody understands about certain kinds of underpaid public service work? Now and then you get to put a fucking stake in a bad guy's heart. We're not supposed to talk about that when we visit a third-grade class on Career Day, and it doesn't get you very far into the country-club locker room - but it's hard to beat when you actually get to do it.
Dr. Kang, is it safe to say that someone inflicting this kind of wound intended to kill?
I appreciate your concern for the dignity of my courtroom, Mr. Slocum - considering you're making the argument dressed as a game-show host. Unfortunately, the man is a tax-paying citizen, entitled by our Constitution to try and manipulate the legal system, like everybody else.
I do know that for the sympathy of one living being, I would make peace with all. I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine. And rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I can not satisfy the one, I will demonically indulge the other. That choice is yours. You're the one who set this in motion, Frankenstein.
Don't bother to scream.
I keep my promises.
I'm still here, Chief.
Coulda, woulda, shoulda, pal.
The past is a funny thing. We've all got skeletons in the closet. You just never know when they're gon na pop up and bite you in the ass, Carl.
What hath God wrought?
Hi. What are you doing out in this mess?
Is that all you two are gon na do this weekend.smoke dope?
Would you be yourself.if you looked this this?
Hey! The van's on fire!
The night time is the right time.
Use the combos and keep the feet light.
You're dead meat, slime bag.
Walking corpses are not real!
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
Take your best shot, motherfucker.
Okay, ramblers, let's get to rambling.
I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name.
Kate, give your old man a little credit. Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool? We've all done it. I'm not going through a lapse. What I've experienced is closer to awakening. I'm not trying to shake your faith. I've just decided not to devote my life to God anymore.
Take advantage of our penny pussy sale. Buy any piece of pussy a tour regular price, you get another piece of pussy, of equal or lesser value, for a penny. Now try and beat pussy for a penny! If you can find cheaper pussy anywhere, fuck it!
Yeah, well, your best better get a helluva lot fuckin'better, or you're gon na feel a helluva fuckin'lot worse.
Richie, here's the peace in death I could never give you in life.
Pussy, pussy, pussy! All pussy must go. At the Titty Twister we're slashing pussy in half! This is a pussy blow out! Make us an offer on our vast selection of pussy! We got white pussy, black pussy, Spanish pussy, yellow pussy, hot pussy, cold pussy, wet pussy, tight pussy, big pussy, bloody pussy, fat pussy, hairy pussy, smelly pussy, velvet pussy, silk pussy, Naugahyde pussy, snappin'pussy, horse pussy, dog pussy, mule pussy, fake pussy! If we don't have it, you don't want it!
Touch my brother with that stake, biker, and vampires won't need to suck your blood, they'll be able to lick it up off the floor.
Anything you got ta say to them, say to me first.
Okay hard drinkers, let's drink hard. I'm buyin'.
Kate honey, I may be a bastard. But I'm not a fuckin'bastard.
Fight now, cry later.
Low profile. Do you know what the words'low profile'mean?
Okay, vampire killers, let's kill some fuckin'vampires.
You know what everybody says about me? I suck!
You're gon na be OK, baby.
Give me a break. I don't even know you.
Whoever wrote this episode should DIE.
Oh right, of course. It's always about YOU, isn't it?!
I avoided capture using theMak'tar stealth haze. Where is everyone?
Well isn't this adorable. The actors have decided to play war with me.
You broke the ship. You broke the bloody SHIP! I told you you don't hold down a turbo. You push it once, maybe twice for a boost but you don't HOLD it.
It's the simple things In life you treasure.
You know, with the makeup and everything1 I actually thought he was smart for a second.
Not bad. Usually it's painted cardboard boxes in a garage.
Like throwing gasoline on a fire.
Quellek. By Grabthar's hammer, by the suns of Warvan. You shall be avenged.
I remember that sound! That's a bad sound!
Never give up. Never surrender!
Now that was a hell of a thing. What's wrong with them?
Hmmm. A little sticky. I'll get one of my boys up here with a can of WD-40.
I see you managed to get your shirt off.
Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy.
Could you possibly try not to hit every single one!
C'mon, push! Never give up, never surrender!
Listen, I'm not even supposed to BE here. I'm just Crewman # 6. I'm expendable. I'm the guy in the episode who dies to prove that the situation is serious! I'm leaving NOW.
As long as there is injustice, whenever a Targathian baby cries out, wherever a distress signal sounds among the stars. We'll be there. This fine ship, and this fine crew. Never give up! Never surrender!
Hi guys. Listen, they're telling me that the generators won't take it, the ship's breaking apart and all that. Just FYI.
Wow, the floors are REALLY clean.
By Grabthar's hammer, what a savings.
This is great! They're going to start eating each other out there.
There IS no quantum flux and there Is no auxiliary. There's no goddamn ship Do you get it?
This is ludicrous. Why are you listening to this man? Must I remind you that he is wearing a costume, not a uniform?. He's no more equipped to lead us than THIS fellow. No offense.
They're always winning. Until they lose.
Know what Mother said to me? Daddy's demons are so intense he doesn't even know he's lying.
He goes to the theater armed.
I can't take this anymore. He forgets simple lines. He forgets where to stand. We tell him and tell him and tell him. I know he's a sweet man. I love Peter. It's not his fault. But I've never worked in a show where the leading man has
I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer.
Your head ain't on straight.
What's the matter with you Kable? Kill something!
He will be saying prayers in the garden, just follow the others.
There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it, always. When you are in doubt that that is God's way, the way the world is meant to be. think of that.
There are no goodbyes for us, Charlie. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart.
'Whatever moral ascendance the West held was lost today. India is free for she has taken all that steel and cruelty can give, and she has neither cringed nor retreated.''In the words of his followers,'Long live Mahatma Gandhi.''
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. We must stop.
You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
We think it is time you recognized that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle. It is time you left.
General Edgar is right, ignore it. Mr. Gandhi will find it's going to take a great deal more than a pinch of salt to bring down the British Empire.
If you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
No. Never. The blood stays on the blade, son.
Ears and noses will be trophies of the day.
Oh Jesus, no. The appearance of law must be upheld, especially while it's being broken.
I've come for my due and proper, Shang.
Prepare to receive the Lord.
I don't think so. The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun on this satellite right here.
They used to say that a child conceived in love, has a greater chance of happiness. They don't say that any more.
Is that the only way you can succeed, Anton, to see me fail?
Sorry, the wind caught it.
You wanted to know how I did it. That's how I did it, Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back.
I got the better end of the deal. I just lent you my body you lent me your dream.
It'd be best if you got dressed first.
I've come for you, Margaret.
Do you want to be dead, Albert?
I don't believe you, Margaret. Frank wasn't like that. I'm the villain in the family, remember?
Where do you think you're going?
You're a big man, but you're in bad shape. With me, it's a full- time job. Now behave yourself.
Take your clothes off.
You couldn't win an egg and spoon race, Eric.
They keep talking about forgiveness. ask Jesus for forgiveness. I never did nothing to Him.
If you don't listen you won't hear nothing. Bush puts the big skillet on the table and sits down. Buddy is so low he can look under the table and sees how the table legs run right into the top without screws or nails.
You know I've talked to God a lot about you over the years and he said he broke the mould when he made you. Said you were sure entertaining to watch but way too much trouble. Buddy grins.
I guess for everyone like me, there's one like you, son. I about forgot that. Buddy holds out his hand to help Bush up but Bush forces himself up on his own and walks out.
Don't you puke on my shoes, Harry.
Rough business this movie business. I may have to go back to loan sharking for a rest.
Harry, you think we go to see your movies? I've seen better film on teeth. Makes no difference to me which one our money's in. So how'bout you take our twenty points out of Freaks and put'em in this other one, Mr. Loverboy.
Fay, I want us to be friends. And friends don't hit each other,'less they have to. So whatta you say we start all over and you tell me exactly what the fuck is goin'on?
I'm glad you rejected me ten years ago when I auditioned for Eddie Solomon, the pedophile clown in Birthday Boy. Had I gotten the part. I might've gotten typecast.
Well, aren't you gon na offer me whatever it is you taste like?
Harry's dreaming of a forty-million-dollar production he'll never get off the ground with a star he'll never sign. With or without my help.
They say the fuckin'smog's the reason you have such beautiful sunsets.
Chili's a gangster. Ran a club I used to play at for another gangster back in Miami. How is Momo these days anyway?
Man's in town two days, thinks he's David O. fucking Selznick.
I think I got an idea for a movie.
Where's Leo Devoe? Where's Chili Palmer? Where's my fuckin'money?
I'm the one telling you how it is. That's not too hard to figure out, is it?
Hi, Karen. It's Doris. Listen, doll, you might wan na come by Cedars tonight and visit Harry. He's in the emergency room.
I once asked this literary agent what type of writing brought the most money and the agent says,'Ransom notes.'
I mean, what's the point of living in L.A. if you're not in the movie business?
That's a federal officer, most likely DEA. He moves his leg look for the bulge. You savvy bulge? That's his backup piece. Hey. Try it without looking right at him if you can.
Look, I didn't come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass. You follow me? You get the coat back or you give me the three seventy-nine my ex-wife paid for it at Alexander's.
Have your spoken to Mr. Palmer since your husband. you know, blew up?
Somebody call 9 fucking 111.
You see a black leather jacket, fingertip length, like the one Pacino wore in Serpico? You don't, you owe me three seventy-nine.
A blockbuster. But quality. No mutants or maniacs. This one's gon na be my Driving Miss Daisy.
Chili Palmer. Chilly outside. Chili inside. It's a regular fuckin'chili-fest. Hey, waiter, give Mr. Chili Pepper a big fuckin'bowl of chili!
Why don't you go find a haunted house and rattle some chains.
I'd give everything for a drag. Just one drag.
Can I have another one please? I signed the wrong name.
Shot, huh? That'll do it every time. Poor bastard. Well, get used to it. You could be here a long time. I'll tell you a secret. Doors ain't as bad as you think. Zip zap. They ain't nothin'at all. You'll see. You'll catch on.
You don't know that.
Oh, we totally have to.
Give me all your money, bitch!
Hey look, it's the pants.
I have to admit, things have really started looking up for me since my life turned to shit.
That piece is entitled'Mirror/Father/Mirror.'I like to show it to people I'm meeting for the first time because it says so much about who I am and what it feels like to inhabit my specific skin. And this is exactly what I'm hoping to get from each of you over the course of this Summer: a picture of your own self-exploration. My own background is in video and performance art, but I'm hoping that doesn't influence you and that you'll find your own ways of externalizing the internal. At the end of the Summer, this class has been invited, along with several others in the area, to participate in a show of High-School art at the Neighborhood Activity Center. The title of the show will be'Brotherhood and Community: Art as Dialogue.'I think the'Brotherhood'theme ties in nicely with the theme of self-discovery that I'd like to emphasize in this class. Are there any questions so far? Great.
God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
What are we, in slow motion here?! What are ya, hypnotized? Have some more kids, why don't you?. For Christ's sake, would you move!?
I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive.
Now that's one ugly dude.
He says the Titanic just arrived.
Being miserable and treating other people like dirt is every New Yorker's God-given right. What am I supposed to do, go on television and tell eight million people they have to be nice to each other? I'm sorry, none of this makes any sense to me, and if anything does happen we've got plenty of paid professionals to deal with it. Your two minutes are up. Good night, gentlemen.
On a mountain of skulls in a castle of pain, I sat on a throne of blood. What was will be, what is will be no more. Now is the season of evil. Find me a child that I might live again.
Vigi, Vigi, Vigi, you have been a bad little monkey.
No, you can't, and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T. but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard. Anyway, we're just about out of time. Next week on'World of the Psychic,'hairless pets. Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying. Good night.
Now let's see how she reacts when we take away the puppy
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you. But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg. We just have to mobilize it.
Don't ever fuck with me like that again.
Killed a man with a sword?
All right, Gladiator. We shall go to Rome together and have bloody adventures. The Great Whore will suckle us until we are fat and happy and can't suck another drop. That is Rome.
But who can be more merciful than the Emperor of Rome?
We who are about to die salute you.
What a Caesar you would have made.
Those giraffes you sold me won't mate! All they do is run around not mating! YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH
Ancestors, true bloodline, I ask you for your guidance. Bring me your solace and your wisdom. Blessed Mother, come to me in my dreams with the Gods'desire for my future. Blessed Father, watch over my wife and my son with a ready sword. Keep them safe until my return. Whisper to them in their sleep that I live only to hold them again and all else is dust and air. Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me.
There was a dream that was Rome. I can only whisper of it now. Anything more than a whisper and the dream vanishes. It's so. fragile. The true glory of Rome is in a very fragile idea. Imagine a place devoted to the rights of the citizen. Where every free man has a voice. That was the dream. And I fear it will not survive the winter.
.Come in here.I work here, I don't come in here to be mistreated.
You can't think on your feet you should keep your mouth closed. You hear me? I'm talking to you. Do you hear me?
.all train compartments smell vaguely of shit. It gets so you don't mind it. That's the worst thing that I can confess. You know how long it took me to get there? A long time. When you die you're going to regret the things you don't do. You think you're queer? I'm going to tell you something: we're all queer. You think that you're a thief? So what? You get befuddled by a middle-class morality? Get shut of it. Shut it out. You cheated on your wife? You did it, live with it. You fuck little girls, so be it. There's an absolute morality? May be. And then what? If you think there is, then be that thing. Bad people go to hell? I don't think so. If you think that, act that way. A hell exists on earth? Yes. I won't live in it. That's me. You ever take a dump made you feel you'd just slept for twelve hours?
You've got a big mouth, and now I'm going to show you an even bigger one.
Cop couldn't find his dick two hands and a map. Anyone talks to this guy's an asshole.
Oh, fuck. Fuck. FUCK FUCK FUCK! WILLIAMSON! WILLIAMSON! OPEN THE FUCKING.WILLIAMSON.
You stupid fucking cunt. You, Williamson.I'm talking to you, shithead.You just cost me six thousand dollars. Six thousand dollars. And one Cadillac. That's right. What are you going to do about it? What are you goin to do about it, asshole. You fucking shit. Where did you learn your trade. You stupid fucking cunt. You idiot. Whoever told you you could work with men?
And you know what makes it even better? If you smoke a lot of pot. I mean a lot of it.
Let's think about it logically. Either she's alive, or she's dead. If she's dead, then there's nothing we can do. If she's alive, then the guy with the gun, who seemed to want to shoot her, probably did shoot her.
If you were any less black, you would be clear.
Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
Just so we're clear. You stole a car, shot a bouncer, and had sex with two women?
Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.
I am not a bathroom attendant!
Is it safe to have a radio against my balls like this?
You.bastard.You.hurt my sister. again.and I'll kill.you.
Leave the gun.
It is Johnny. He came all the way from California to be at the wedding.
Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up in this so directly. You know the old man doesn't want that.
The old man is still alive. Five bullets in his Sicilian hide and he's still alive. Bad luck for me, bad luck for you.
My compliments. I'll take care of them from my share.
Goddamn FBI.don't respect nothing.
Paulie, pull over. I got ta take a leak.
It's safer to teach you English.
Good.then you can go. I don't like violence. I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
Michael? Why are the drapes open?
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you. How beautifully we've done it, step by step. Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government. Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
He always makes money for his partners. One by one, our old friends are gone. Death, natural or not, prison, deported. Our friend in Miami is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you. I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home. When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there. Do you understand?
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good and we made the most of it. During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too. I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town. Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order. When I heard about it I wasn't angry. I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things. So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.
Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you.
Terrible. I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
Yeah, it worked. Those were great old days. We was like the Roman Empire. The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.
I am a retired investor on a pension, and I wished to live there as a Jew in the twilight of my life.
I know it was you, Fredo. You've broken my heart.
I don't want anything to happen to him while my Mother's alive.
I never knew no Godfather. I got my own family.
It is, isn't it? My life as a game of strip poker. Shall we play?
Hatred was the only thing that kept my soul alive in that soul-killing place. And among those men I hated was my own poor, dumb father. Who put me in that hell to begin with.
Oh shut up. All we did was talk. My attack had nothing to do with him.
Take off your vest and I'll tell you a story.
He's never met a princess. Only queens.
One likes to live simply.
You are kind to indulge your elders in their vices. As I indulge the young in theirs.
You must think the whole world is queer. Well it's not. War sure isn't.
The bells of hell go ting-a-ling For you but not for me. Oh death where is thy sting-a-ling? Grave where thy victory?
Making movies was the most wonderful thing in the world. Working with friends. Entertaining people. Yes, I suppose I miss it. More so now that
What the hell is the matter with you people?! You caused more damage than that thing did!
There's no Ranger game on tonight.
Better step on it Frenchie!
That's a lot of fish.
The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur.
Are you kidding? I always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
Anyone care to join me?
You're suspect. I don't know what your reputation is, but after the shit you tried to pull today, you can bet I'll be looking into it. Any conversations you want to have with me heretofore, you can have with my attorney. Gentlemen, keep your ears to the grindstone.
So, this is a Harvard bar, huh? I thought there'd be equations and shit on the wall.
Yeah, let's let the healing begin.
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin'there and the captain comes on and is like'we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet,'and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says'man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee.'So the stewardess goes runnin'up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes'don't forget the coffee!'
That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin'next door to me, comin'over watchin'the fuckin'Patriots'games and still workin'construction, I'll fuckin'kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin'kill you.
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
My boy's wicked smart.
Why don't we get off mothers, I just got off yours.
Say I'm working at N.S.A. Somebody puts a code on my desk, something nobody else can break. So I take a shot at it and maybe I break it. And I'm real happy with myself,'cause I did my job well. But maybe that code was the location of some rebel army in North Africa or the Middle East. Once they have that location, they bomb the village where the rebels were hiding and fifteen hundred people I never had a problem with get killed. Now the politicians are sayin''send in the Marines to secure the area''cause they don't give a shit. It won't be their kid over there, gettin'shot. Just like it wasn't them when their number got called,'cause they were pullin'a tour in the National Guard. It'll be some guy from Southie takin'shrapnel in the ass. And he comes home to find that the plant he used to work at got exported to the country he just got back from. And the guy who put the shrapnel in his ass got his old job,'cause he'll work for fifteen cents a day and no bathroom breaks. Meanwhile my buddy from Southie realizes the only reason he was over there was so we could install a government that would sell us oil at a good price. And of course the oil companies used the skirmish to scare up oil prices so they could turn a quick buck. A cute, little ancillary benefit for them but it ain't helping my buddy at two-fifty a gallon. And naturally they're takin'their sweet time bringin'the oil back and maybe even took the liberty of hiring an alcoholic skipper who likes to drink seven and sevens and play slalom with the icebergs and it ain't too long'til he hits one, spills the oil, and kills all the sea-life in the North Atlantic. So my buddy's out of work and he can't afford to drive so he's got to walk to the job interviews which sucks'cause the shrapnel in his ass is givin'him chronic hemorrhoids. And meanwhile he's starvin''cause every time he tries to get a bite to eat the only blue-plate special they're servin'is North Atlantic scrod with Quaker State.
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a'shrink kit'that comes with all these volumes included?
Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city. He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal. I mean, he actually enjoyed it. Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies. He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went fast.
I don't need this bullshit. I got enough to worry about getting whacked on the street. I got ta come home to get whacked?
For a second I thought I was dead, but when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops, only cops talk that way. If they had been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing. I would have been dead.
One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home for her. It was out of respect.
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
Thirty-two hundred bucks. That's what he gave me. Thirty-two hundred bucks for a lifetime. It wouldn't have paid for the coffin.
When they found Sepe in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff it took them two days to thaw him out for the autopsy.
After a while, it all got to be normal. None of it seemed like crimes. It was more that Henry was enterprising. That he and the guys were making a few bucks hustling, while other men were sitting on their asses waiting for handouts. Our husbands weren't brain surgeons. They were blue collar guys, and the only way they could get extra money, real extra money, was to go out and cut a few corners.
And there was nothing we could do. Batts was a made man and Tommy wasn't. We had to sit still and take it. It was among the Italians. It was real greaseball shit. They even shot Tommy in the face so his mother couldn't give him an open coffin at the funeral.
Hurry, gim me the phone. Two niggers just stole my track.
Paulie might have moved slow, but it was only because he didn't have to move for anybody.
I know there are women, like my best friends, who would have gotten out of there the minute their boyfriend gave them a gun to hide.'Fha! You and your gun. Get out of here, who needs you?'That's what they would have said to him. But I didn't. I've got to admit the truth. It turned me on.
By the time I grew up, there was thirty billion a year in cargo moving through Idlewild Airport and we tried to steal every bit of it.
For us to live any other way was nuts. To us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks, who took the subway to work every day and worried about their bills, were dead. They were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something, we just took it. If anyone complained twice, they got hit so bad they never complained again. It was routine. You didn't even think about it.
That's the first time you admit it.
I want to talk to my husband.
My name? It's take your crude, overly obvious come-on to every woman who walks past and cram it.'That's my name.
The problem is I think you're an overeducated, 27-year-old virgin who holds the hands of superstitious old women and promises them eternity.
The thing that haunts a guy is the stuff he wasn't ordered to do.
Jesus, Joseph and Mary. These Hmong broads are like badgers.
It's really common. Hmong girls over here fit in better, we adjust. The girls go to college, the boys go to jail.
My oldest son's a salesman. He sells cars.
Kill you to buy American.
Great, another asshole with a fetish for Asian girls. God, it gets so old.
No. And have some goddamned respect, zipper head, we're mourning over here. Walt slams the door in Tao's face. Walt turns and is suddenly cornered by Father Janovich. Walt hates situations like this.
Your birthday today; This year you have to make a choice between two life paths. Second chances come your way. Extraordinary events culminate in what might seem to be an anti-climax. Your lucky numbers are: 84, 23, 11, 78 and
I know, I know, when a man's collar is an inch too big for him, I know he is ill.
Grand Hotel, people, coming, going. Who cares. nothing ever happens.
We'll be moving on, now that your sign no longer appears to be impeding our forward progress.
Wherever there's a hippie there's a crime, even if it hasn't happened yet. That's what I always say.
If I show up at your door, chances are you did something to bring me there. I don't care about that stuff, anyway.
Don't tease me. You know what I do for a living.
They'll have husbands and wives and children and houses and dogs. made themselves a part of something. And they can talk about what they do. What am I going to say?'I killed the President of Paraguay with a fork.'
Here. Let me put these in some rubbing alcohol.
I'm in love with you. I know we can make this work!
Hey, you're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Smart boy. Real smart. Let's see how smart you are with my foot up your ass! I'm gon na kick your ass!
Don't mess with me, pork chop. What day is this?
Did he actually call himself'the talent?'Larry snorts and continues unloading their gear.
You're not a god, Phil. Take my word for it. This is twelve years of Catholic school talking.
There is no way this winter is ever going to end as long as that groundhog keeps seeing his shadow everyday. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped and I've got to stop him. For Channel 9 news, this is Phil Connors.
Pool on the roof must have a leak.
Never fear. I is here.
Never send a boy to do a woman's job. With me, we can do it in seven.
Oooh, Leopard Boy. AND the Decepticons. Uh, Kate, Kate, you're not going into that computer shit now, right?
Look, there is no right and wrong. There is only fun and boring. A thirty year prison sentence sounds pretty dull to me. Who do you prefer serves it, us? Or them?
You wanted to know who I am, Zero Cool? Well let me explain the New World Order. Governments and corporations need people like you and me. We are samurai. The keyboard cowboys. And all those other people out there who have no idea what's going on are the cattle. Mooo! I need your help, you need my help. Let me help you earn your spurs. Ahh, think about it. Enjoy the laptop,'Cool'! Tell me where the disk is.
Listen to this bullshit.'This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto.'Huh, right, manifesto?'You may stop me, but you can't stop us all.'
Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
Type'Cookie', you idiot. I'll head'em off at the pass.
This is the end, my friend. Thank you for calling!
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!
Nah. I don't play well with others.
Right. Anything else, you want me to mow the lawn? Oops, forgot. New York. No grass.
Yo. I kinda feel like God!
I hope you don't screw like you type.
Hack the Planet!
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
Since when do they let them wander around?
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
Well, it's Halloween. I guess everybody's entitled to a good scare.
Take off that thing.
I don't think this is any time to be funny.
This has most definitely stopped being funny. Now cut it out!
I am. I met him fifteen years ago. I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him and another seven trying to keep him locked away when I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply. evil.
We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner Hoffman! We are talking about evil on two legs.
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Oh please come alive Rachel, please come alive. You can't be dead. Come alive Rachel!
Where ever she is, that little girl is in mortal danger.
Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in the dark with shotguns. Who's gon na be next? Somebody's wife? Somebody's kid?
You never get used to the faces. Never.
Whoever you are, I have a really big dog with me and he bites.
Yeah this is where society dumps its worst nightmares. Yeah the one your picking up-just thinking about him gives me the willies. Yeah, a decade ago, Halloween night he murdered 16 people, maybe more-trying to get to his sister. Nearly got her too. But his doctor, of all people, shot him six times. Then he set him on fire. Both of them nearly burned to death. Yeah, I'll be glad to see this one gone. Oh yes in deedie.
Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way.
Your talking about him as if he were a human being. That part of him died years ago.
Spirits and powers of the flame, attend and witness this ritual. Bear our gifts to Thorn. Open us to the path of Darkness. By these runes transform us. Open our eyes and show us the Chosen One to whom we offer this sacrifice of Innocent Blood.
Enough. of this. Michael Myers. shit!
My name's Tommy. I was only eight- years-old when I saw him. But I was lucky. I survived.
Beth, look out! There's someone in the room! He's right behind you!
John, please don't
For all my education, accomplishments, and so-called wisdom.I can't fathom my own heart.
I went into a store, I bought a rifle. I was gon na. You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself. The only thing that mighta stopped me, might've, is my parents would be devastated. I would, I woulda had to shoot them, also, first. And then, I have an aunt and uncle, I would have. You know, it would have been a bloodbath.
You see the whole culture.Nazis, deodorant salesman, wrestlers.beauty contests, the talk show. Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling? Hmm? But the worst are the fundamentalist preachers.third- rate con men, telling the poor suckers that watch them that they speak for Jesus.and to please send in money. Money, money, money! If Jesus came back, and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
.I had a great time tonight, really. It was like the Nuremberg Trials.
Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda, or something. Or go to a whorehouse! No?
How the hell do I know why there were Nazis? I don't know how the can opener works.
Naturally I get taken home first. Well, obviously he prefers April. Of course I was so tongue-tied all night. I can't believe I said that about the Guggenheim. My stupid little roller-skating joke. I should never tell jokes. Mom can tell'em and Hannah, but I kill'em. Where did April come up with that stuff about Adolph Loos and terms like'organic form'? Well, naturally. She went to Brandeis.
Then at lunch she got drunker and drunker and finally she became Joan Collins!
You know, this reminds me of the time we were talking about something and then just started kissing.
Damnit, spermicidally lubricated!
Whew, that wasn't a period. That was an exclamation mark. You know, Hayley, behind every great woman is a great first menstruation anecdote.
Don't raise your voice at I gave you the ultimate male fantasy sex, nothing on the side. Don't pretend we shared anything other than fluids.
Now that were in the middle of nowhere, aren't you a little curious to know what it'd be like to.
I'm gon na row back there and see if he'll shoot you. Or me. Fine either way.
For twenty years I've been eating shit, breakfast, lunch and dinner. Well, tonight I'm changing the menu! From now on everything I eat is gon na be shit-free!
That's for my wife. Fuck you and die.
You know, Trent, I want to kill you so bad I can barely contain myself. But I keep thinking that death is far too merciful a fate for you, and that a nice petite white-bread boy like you in a federal penitentiary. let me put it this way, I doubt whether you could remain anal retentive for very long. Yeah. I think that's best for you
Where is a cop when you goddam need one? I got half a mind to come out there and teach you sonofabitch
How does it feel to know you're about to die?
We aren't gon na arrest him for that.
Vice? Virtue? It's best not to be too moral. You cheat yourself out of too much life. Aim above morality. As Confucius says,'Don't simply be good. Make good things happen.'
She supplies the whole southwest with chicken feed.
Yes. I haven't lived. I've died a few times.
During wartime the national suicide rate goes down.
Dreyfus once wrote that on Devil's Island he would see the most glorious birds. Many years later in Britanny he realized they had only been sea gulls.
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
Oh! That's wonderful, Harold. Go - and love some more.
Oh, don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That's the curse of a government job.
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Grab the shovel, Harold.
That's a lot of prepositions.
No. I need you to stop being nice to me - unless you're gon na marry me after.
Anybody want some pie?
I do what I do best. I take scores. You do what you do best trying to stop guys like me.
Jesus God in heaven, uh, why did you kill such hot snatch. That's a joke, man. People are so serious. Hail Mary, who aren't in heaven, pray for us sinners.so we don't get caught. Another joke, man.
You were nothing before you met me! You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn! You were a Brownie, you were a Bluebird, you were a Girl Scout Cookie! I got you into a Remington Party! What's my thanks? It's on the hallway carpet. I get paid in puke!
Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee.
I like to suck big dicks. Mmm-mm! I can't get enough of them. Satisfied?
What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my.
Nice guys finish last. I should know.
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so'86.
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
We have to talk. Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make.
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school was society. Is that deep or what? I'll let you put it in your diary, babe. Free of charge.
Like I give a shit. They all want me, as a friend or a fuck. I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior.
Football season's over, Veronica. Kurt and Ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and A.I.D.S. jokes.
You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing.
Intense? Grow up. You think I'll drink it just because you call me chicken.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa? If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad.
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
Hi. I'm sorry. Technically I didn't kill Heather Chandler but hey, who am I trying to kid, right? I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen. Did that sound bitchy?
Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth. Pardon the pun. Fast-early-acceptance- into-an-Ivy-League-school-and- please-let-it-be-Harvard. Amen.
I prayed for the death of Heather Chandler many times and I felt bad every time I did, but I kept doing it anyway. Now I know you understood everything. Praise Jesus. Alleluia.
Pretend I did blow up the school. All the schools. Now that you're dead, what are you gon na do with your life?
I knew that loose was too noose! I mean, noose too loose! Goddamn you!
It's one thing to want somebody out of your life. It's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup of Drano.
Betty Finn was a true friend and I sold her out for a bunch of Swatchdogs and Diet Cokeheads. Killing Heather'd be like offing the Wicked Witch of the West. Or is it East? West! I sound like a psycho. Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free.
Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
It's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask'What's your major?'I hate that.
Cheer up! All the best people have bad chests and bone diseases! It's all frightfully romantic!
We realised why Deborah and I have such extraordinary telepathy and why people treat us and look at us the way they do. It is because we are MAD. We are both stark raving MAD!
I think she knows what's going to happen. she doesn't appear to bear us any grudge!
This notion is not a new one but this time it is a definite plan which we intend to carry out. We have worked it out carefully and are both thrilled by the idea. Naturally we feel a trifle nervous, but the pleasure of anticipation is great.
We have decided how sad it is for other people that they can not appreciate our genius..
Only the best people fight against all obstacles..
My New Year's resolution is a far more selfish one than last year, so there is more probability of my keeping it. It is to make my motto:'Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may be dead.'
It's a three-act story with a tragic end.
Absolutely not! Orson Welles! The most hideous man alive!
She had the most beautiful eyes. I wanted to make some conversation but I found my new self asking the same old stupid questions.
But the most we can hope for is to get ya buried in secrecy so yer grave don't get violated! Plead guilty!
I am Ard - supreme leader of the revolution and the next ruler of the world.
There was no way I was gon na walk around this place with my dork hangin'out!
To defend - this is the Pact. but when life loses its value, and it taken for nought, then the Pact is. to avenge!
The U.N. Building. What a joke. Used to be a nice place until they turned it into low rent housing. Now it's a dump. I wouldn't live there if you paid me.
If you refuse, you die, she dies, everybody dies.
Ah, typical robot. The first Earth-chick we see in ten years, and he's got ta make a play for her.
Wow! Eighteen years of nuthin'and now, twice in one day. What a place!
It's okay, Charlie. I got an angle.
Everyone needs money. That's why they call it'money.'
She could talk her way outta a sunburn.
You wan na play the dozens. Here you go: They called, there was a bookkeeping error at the Hospital, you died at birth. Your turn.
Are you fucken with me? Are you fucken with me, or are you done fucken with me? Because I've just'financialized'the problem, and you've just become more trouble than you're worth.
Now all we need is a skin.
And to think I hesitated.
Nothing personal, babe.
It is not HANDS that call us..
I recommend amputation.
My uncle used to say. we like people for their qualities but love them for their defects.
Seal the doors. Red and Blue are coming in.
What landed you this job, pushing'pamcakes'? Punctuality? What was your area of expertise?
Hey, hey, hey. They're playing our song.
See? It hurts! You shouldn't hit people!
'In the absence of light, darkness prevails.'For there are things that go bump in the night, Agent Myers. We are the ones who bump back.
Second date. No tongue!
Hey. Stinky. Kitchen's closed. Whatcha havin'? Six library guards, raw? Plus belts and boots? Man, you're gon na need some heavy fiber to move that out
Hell will hold no surprises for us.
Salt. Gathered from the tears of a thousand martyrs. Restraining the essence of Sammael, the hell hound, the seed of destruction.
You killed my father
Jesus!would'ya look at the size of that whammer!
Those comics, They never got the eyes right.
I'm fireproof. You weren't.
Didn't I kill you already?
Marco, Marco, Marco. Get your Big Red butt over here!
Don't worry about fingerprints. I never had any.
This isn't for your eyes.
Come to Daddy. I only want to touch.
We'll tear your soul apart!
No tears please. It's a waste of good suffering.
You solved the box. We came. Now you must come with us. Taste our pleasures.
We had to hear it from his own lips -
We've got such sights to show you -
The box. you opened it. We came.
No. Dreams come to an end. Nightmares are forever.
Welcome to the worst nightmare of them all, Trevor. Reality.
You two are creeping me out. And I'm a coroner.
This is my body. This is my blood. Happy are they who come to my supper.
Spirited. Good. I'll enjoy making you bleed. I'll enjoy making you enjoy it.
Meanwhile, in Rome today, the Pope issued a message of hope for believers in their fight against what he termed the godless and lost. He did not mention Simon Grim by name, but offered a prayer for the young whom he described as sadly in need of faith and not the illusion of conviction offered by rock music, drugs and contemporary poetry.
An honest man is always in trouble, Simon. Remember that.
'Opportunity will step out of the way to let a man. pass it by.'
I learn so much from these magazines, Mr Deng. I refuse to discriminate between modes of knowing.
Because certain work needs to be experienced all at once in order for one to appreciate the full force of its character.
For example, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.
I've been bad. Repeatedly. But why brag? The details of my exploits are only a pretext for a far more expansive consideration of general truths. What is this? It's a philosophy. A poetics. A politics, if you will. A literature of protest. A novel of ideas. A pornographic magazine of truly comic-book proportions. It is, in the end, whatever the hell I want it to be. And when I'm through with it, it's gunna blow a hole this wide straight through the world's own idea of itself!
You can't argue with taste?
See, Simon, there are three kinds of there. There's'There'. T-H-E-R-E. There are the donuts. Then there's T- H-E-I-R; which is the possessive. It is their donut. Then, finally, there's'they're'.T-H-E-Y-'-R-E. A contraction, meaning they are. They're the donut people. Get it?
The world is full of shit.
You remember where I said how I was gon na explain about life, buddy? Well, the thing about life is. it gets weird. See people are always gon na be talking to you about'truth.'Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit. Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another. So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's < u > your < /u > bullshit, so to speak. You got that?
What a crock of shit! Have you ever heard more bullshit and drivel from somebody who wasn't President?
I know why it's raining. I coulda predicted this. It's raining because my wipers are fucked up. If my wipers were okay, the fucking sun would be shining right now. At night!
Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John.
All I'm saying is, you have to allow for things to happen to people, most of all to yourself. Otherwise, what's the use?
And I lost it. I lost it all. Dignity, faith, fifteen pounds.
Books, records, films, these things matter. Call me shallow but it's the damn truth, and by this measure I was having one of the best dates of my life.
I never thought I would say this, but can I go work now?
If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
It would be nice to think that since I was fourteen, times have changed, relationships have become more sophisticated, females less cruel, skins thicker, but there still seems to be an element of that afternoon in everything that has happened to me since. All my other romantic stories seem to be a scrambled version of that first one.
Rob. Top five musical crimes perpetrated by Stevie Wonder in the'80's and'90's. Subquestion, is it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter- day sins?'Is it better to burn out than to fade away?'
You are as abandoned and as noisy as any character in a porn film, Laura. You are Ian's plaything, responding to his touch with shrieks of orgasmic delight. No woman in the history of the world is having better sex than the sex you are having with Ian in my head.
I could've ended up having sex back there. And what better way to exorcize rejection demons than to screw the person who rejected you, right? But you wouldn't be sleeping with a person. You'd be sleeping with a whole sad single-person culture. It'd be like sleeping with Talia Shire in'Rocky'if you weren't Rocky.
I knew there was a reason I wore a skirt today.
If your god should persecute me into the next world, then I shall simply have to find myself another. Shocked murmers of outrage shudder through the crowd. Kase steps up and RIPS AWAY Caiolin's cherished silver CRUCIFIX, with its distinctive wooden Christ figure.
You look like shit.
Look back over the endless travesties of your life and you'll see me. Always there, waiting in the shadows. When friends and lovers are wiped from your sight, I'm there. KASE When those you cherish die abruptly and for no reason, I'm there. And when a handful of misguided and pathetic idiots just happen to share your own private hell. Guess who? He walks a full circle around Connor. All the while Kase addresses Connor, Faith never takes her eyes off Duncan. KASE But if you think it ends here, my ancient friend, you're wrong. Very. Very. Wrong. Kase turns back to Faith. Pulls his sword and without warning SLICES it across her throat. Faith reflexively GASPS, stumbles backward, leaving
Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?
Mighty nice little town, Albany. They've got the State Capitol there, you know.
If you was worth breaking my fingers on, I'd tear your face wide open.
Listen, you bumble-headed baboon
A fellow your age, hiring an airplane to write:'Hildy: Don't be hasty, remember my dimple. Walter! It held things up twenty minutes while the Judge ran out to watch it.
Madam, you're a cockeyed liar! And you know it!
You're losing your eye. You used to be able to pitch better than that. Hello. Yeah. What? Sweeney? Well, what can I do for you?
You wan na see God? I'll show you God.
I have no friends, only relations.
A hot tub time machine.
There will be no rescue, no intervention force. We can only save ourselves. Call any foreigner you know, tell them what will happen to us. Say goodbye but when you say goodbye, say it as though you're reaching through and shaking their hand. Let them know if they let go of that hand, you will die. We must shame them into sending help.
Oh God, please Lord.
What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily Asshole?
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.
Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in the fire if I told ya you'd see Hell. meanwhile you too stupid to realize you got a demon sticking out your ass singing,'Holy Miss Moly, I got a live one.'
God damn it, that motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
These are all my dolls. I use to like to chop their heads off.
Yeah, my baby boy gets shy around new people, but he'll warm up to ya. especially the ladies.
Price didn't make the guest list. The house did. It wants vengeance.
Sure is a funky old house, ain't it?
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain!
Could be old Melissa found what she was looking for.
I lied. The House is alive and we're all gon na die.
There's someone else in the House!
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
Your mother would've wanted you to have it.
You've thrown your lot in with them. You're not a Viking.
Alright I admit it. This is pretty cool. It's. amazing.
Thank you, for summing that up. They reach the doorway.
Uggh, the gods hate me. Some people lose their knife or their mug. No, not me. I manage to lose an entire dragon. Hiccup WHACKS a low-hanging branch. It SNAPS back at him, hitting him in the face. He looks up to see a snapped tree trunk. His eyes follow it to a long trench of up-turned earth. He follows it to a downed, black dragon, its body and tail tangled in a bola. It appears dead. Hiccup approaches, beaming.
Oh, I'm hurt. I am very much hurt.
Oh wow. I did it. I did it. This fixes everything.
Most people would leave. Not us. We're Vikings. We have stubbornness issues. Vikings sound the alarm. Viking men and women pour out into the streets, axes in hand. ON HICCUP darting through alleys, staying under eaves, making his way through the battle.
Don't worry. You're small and you're weak. That'll make you less of a target. They'll see you as sick or insane and go after the more Viking-like teens instead. GOBBER stick him in line with the others and continues on toward five massive reinforced doors. Terrible ROARS and BELLOWS issue from within.
I'm really beginning to question your teaching methods.
Everything we know about you guys is wrong.
It's satisfying to know that all of our food has been dumped down a hole.
Chances of survival are dwindling into single digits now.
Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe. I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones. But now finally I got my new goal. World domination. With your help.Bunny.quit that!
I hated cigarettes until I saw my first No Smoking sign. Keep off the Grass? Let's play Soccer. Only law I cared about was friendship. Broke that one too, didn't I? This Gates-Mario Brothers-CIA-Mayflower-Da Vinci thing seemed like a sweet deal. Visit foreign lands, take their treasures. I don't know, I thought you'd get into it. It's better than playing darts with M.B.A.'s at the bar. I didn't know it was going to be like this. Them using me to use you. I'm sorry, there's only one way out of this and it's gon na hurt me more than it's gon na hurt you.
The man knows, the man knows!
If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass. But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt.
I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career! I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom!
You know they invented something while you were inside. Called a watch.
Is looking like a constipated warthog a prerequisite to getting a job in the art world?
I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll. Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter,'We've only just begun.'
You bastard! You fucked my freedom for a lousy job!
Apes don't assassinate their presidents, gentlemen.
I'm an ape, mom. I'm an ape. And apes don't drop lines.
You have to choose Nathan. It's like Sophie's choice. Only it is Nathan's choice. Did you ever see that movie, Sophie's Choice? It is like that. Only it is this.
I play a lot of Xbox.
It's the outgoing message. You need to sound more outgoing. Let's start again.
Sam, I can go at least nine more rounds. But you got ta let me in. Please Sam. Please.
'All you need is love.'
It's just.it's just that.I've never lost anything.
You think you got the market cornered on human suffering? Well let me tell you something about'People like me.'People like me feel little and lost and ugly and dispensable. People like me have perfect husbands screwing someone far more perfect than me and my son, my son hates me, I try too hard and I push and he knows it and I talk in that voice, that voice I promised I'd never use, and I've screamed, I've screamed horrible things to him, a five year-old because he doesn't want to get in the car at the end of a day and he stares at me with such anger and I hate him then. I know I'm failing you, I know I'm disappointing you, I know you deserve better but get in the fucking car! It's like every morning I wake up and fail, and I look around and anybody, anybody can pull it off, but somehow I can't. And I know, I know I have everything, and I'm still miserable and it's pathetic. I know it's pathetic. No matter how hard I try, something about me will never be enough.
Sam. You've got to be firm on this.
Enough romance, let's fuck.
'I Love You Phillip Morris'Green Pages 5-23-08 2.
Love sure is a funny thing. It makes you happy. Makes you sad. Makes you do all sorts of things you never thought you'd do before. Love's the reason I'm here actually.
Shush, now. No more screaming.No more running. Time to die.
Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first.
Excuse me, but this island didn't have a murder rate until you people showed up. I've never seen a dead body before.
Cancer in a box.
Don't worry about a sugar planter. Give him a mule and he'll ride to his own funeral.
I walked with a zombie. It does seem an odd thing to say. Had anyone said that to me a year ago, I'm not at all sure I would have known what a Zombie was. I might have had some notion, that they were strange and frightening, and perhaps a little funny. But I have walked with a Zombie
Hah, I caught you. You said someone. Not something.
Okay, your phone's off, which means you've been shot dead by a fat American, but there's been a fucktastrophe. Someone's leaked Liza Weld's Pwip Pip paper to the BBC. I reckon it'll be on the SixO'Clock news here, oneo'clock your time, so it's going to fist your fucking vote apart. Missing you loads, pwip-pip, toodle-oo!
Diarrhoea? I mean, this is the minister for International Development. He should be talking about food parcels, not fucking arse-spraying mayhem.
Well Alan, I have been balled out by Linton for allowing I Heart Huckabees on to the troops DVD roster. You know the phrase,'I'm too old for this shit? Well, I'm too young for this shit.
Christ on a bendy-bus, Simon, stop being such a faffing fuck-arse.
Simon. I don't like finding out about people I work with via the news, unless they've died. Get over here now so we can address at least one of those issues.
In the words of the late, great Nat King Fucking Cole,`Unforeseeable, that's what you are.'
You needn't worry about the Canadians. They're just happy to be there. Yes, well, they always look surprised when they're invited.
I don't like to see a woman bleeding from the mouth. It makes me think of Country and Western music. Which I really can't abide.
Do you know what you sounded like? You sounded like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews.
Linton has set up a secret war committee, I just know it. I mean, Linton is an absolute lunatic, Liza. He is dangerous. The voices in his head are now singing barbershop together.
Okay, I don't want to be accused of micro managing but I personally do not see that`I heart Huckabees'should be on the list of dvds suitable for forces entertainment. That self-indulgent crap is not suitable entertainment for combat troops. And where's`United 93'on here? That should be playing 24/7.
See, this is the problem with civilians wanting to go to war. When you've been there you don't want to go back unless you absolutely have to. It's like France.
This is vault, or as some of us have come to call it, the & quot; freak show. & quot;
If I had known I was going to meet the President, I'd a worn a tie. Look at me, I look like a schlemiel.
Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me.
Exactly. Use it the same way. Only the nuke won't detonate on impact. You'll have another thirty seconds to get as far away as you can.
If we don't strike soon, there may not be much of an America left to defend.
The whole world is trying to get out of Washington and we're the only schmucks trying to get in.
Now that's a close encounter.
A toast to the end of the world.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud. Still he gets sick?
All you need is love. John Lennon. Smart man. Shot in the back, very sad.
How does one get off this thing?
Our situation has not improved.
You call this archaeology?
Now look! I've gone and caught a sniffle.
Ask yourself, why do you seek the Cup of Christ? Is it for His glory, or for yours?
Do you remember the last time we had a quiet drink? I had a milk shake.
Ten.'X'marks the spot.
But if you want facts, Indy, I have none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.
I'm like a bad penny. I always turn up.
Nazis. I hate these guys.
She ransacked her own room and I fell for it. How did you know she was a Nazi?
Does anyone here speak English? Or even ancient Greek?
Sallah, I said no camels! That's five camels. Can't you Count?
the search for fact. Not truth. If it's truth you're interested in, Doctor Tyree's Philosophy class is right down the hall. So
I suddenly remembered Charlemagne.'Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky.'
Look, what do you think is going on here? Since I've met you, I've nearly been incinerated, drowned, shot at, and chopped into fish bait. We're caught in the middle of something sinister here. My guess is Dad found out more than he was looking for. And until I'm sure, I'm going to continue to do things the way I think they should be done.
Compensation for my brother-in- law's car. Indy, your father and Brody
You must choose. But choose wisely. For as the True Grail will bring you life the False Grail will take it from you.
Now they have the map! And in this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second.
You have chosen wisely. But the Grail can not pass beyond the Great Seal. That is the boundary and the price of immortality.
I trust your trip down was comfortable, Doctor Jones. My men didn't alarm you, I hope.
My boy, we are Pilgrims in an unholy land.
Petroleum. I could sink a well down here and retire.
Does anyone understand a word I'm saying here?
I misjudged you WalterI knew you'd sell your mother for an Etruscan vase. But I didn't know you'd sell your country and your soul to the slime of humanity.
You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones.
Dr. Jones, it our country a guest does not usually insult his host.
Mola Ram, you're about to meet Kali, in Hell!
Kali Ma protects us now and for- ever, and we must pledge our devotion by worshipping her with an offering of flesh and blood!
You do not believe me? You will, Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer.
I would say you look rather lost. But then I can not imagine where in the world the three of you would look at home.
Five minutes, Dr. Jones.
Monsieur, to both your family, and your cows, I say; Bravo.
So I'm gon na give you a little somethin you can't take off.
- it's only the off spring of slaves that allows America to be competitive athletically. America olympic gold can measured in Negro sweat. Shosanna is lead through the French eatery by the Gestapo Major. Private Zoller see's her, and stands up, excuse's himself, and greets her before she reaches the table. Fredrick says in French, SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
I have no doubt, and yes, some Germans will die. and yes, it will ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels will be very very very mad at you for what you've done to his big night. But you won't get Hitler, you won't get Goebbels, you won't get Gering, and you won't get Boorman. And you need all four to end the war.
You ether do what the fuck we tell you to, or I'll bury this axe in your collaborating skull.
- I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false are often reveling. So Monsieur LaPadite, what rumors have you heard regarding The Dreyfusis? The Farmerlooks at Landa.
Major, if my word means anything, I can vouch for everything the YoungCap't has just said. He does hail from the bottom of Piz Palu, he was in the film, and his brother is far more handsome then he. The impostors laugh. Then.so does the Gestapo Major. He turns to the Sgt.
My name is Shosanna Dreyfus, and this is the face of Jewish Vengeance! Marcel,
Who wants to send a message to Germany? In the top right of FRAME The 2nd REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON.
It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover. Sweet dreams, Mademoiselle. He gives her a little salute, and walks into the black of a curfew imposed night. She looks after him. She didn't show it, but he kinda got to her. After all, for any true cinema lover, it's hard to hate anybody who, CINEMA MON AMOUR.
Bring that fucker over here! Put his head down on that table. Marcel, holds his arm behind him, as he forces his head flat against the table top. Shosanna brings a HATCHET DOWN DEEP into the table, just by his face.
What a tremendously hostile world a rat must endure. Yet, not only does he survive, he thrives. And the reason for this, is because our little foe has a instinct for survival and presavation second to none. And that Monsieur, is what a jew shares with a rat. Consequently, a German soldier, conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar - he looks everywhere, he would hide. But there are many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However the reason the Fuhrer brought me off my Alps in Austria, and placed me in French cow country today, is because it does occur to me. Because I'm aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity. May I smoke my pipe as well? Th e Farmer's cool facade is little by little eroding.
You know somethin Uitivich, I think this just might be my masterpiece.
Well Werner, if you heard of us, you probably heard, we ain't in the prisoner takin business. We in the killin Nazi business. And cousin, business is boomin. The Basterds laugh.
Basically, we have all our rotten eggs in one basket. The objective of Operation Kino. Blow up the basket.
There are two kinds of people in Alaska. Those who were born here and those who've come here to escape something in their lives. I wasn't born here, Will. I'm in no position to judge anyone. I'm not about that any more.
You lack the courage of your convictions, sir. Do it.
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies. I want things to be as they were.
And who will care for me my love, my dark angel, when you are gone?
They know about us. They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses.
So you want me to tell you the story of my life.
For years I had not savoured a human. And when I had Lestat's words made sense to me. I knew peace only when I killed and when I heard her heart in that terrible rhythm I knew again what peace could be. Yet even then I could not contenance it.
My last sunrise. That morning I was not yet a vampire, and I saw my last sunrise. I remember it completely, yet I don't remember any sunrise before it. I watched the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time, as if it were the first. And the I said goodbye to sunlight and went out to become what I became.
You're body's dying. Pay no attention. It will take twenty minutes at most.
Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
I walked all night. I walked as I walked years before when my mind swam with guilt at the thought of killing. I found myself at the Cathedral.
So it was when I had given up the search for vampires that a vampire found me.
A little child she was, but also a fierce killer, now capable of the ruthless pursuit of blood with all a child's demanding.
None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world.
How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you ask me! Have you any idea of the thing you will become?
