Hey, I'm very sorry that the government taxes their tips. That's fucked up. But that ain't my fault. it would appear that waitresses are just one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. You show me a paper says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it. Put it to a vote, I'll vote for it. But what I won't do is play ball. And this non- college bullshit you're telling me, I got two words for that:'Learn to fuckin type.'Cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent, you're in for a big fuckin surprise.
I don't wan na kill anybody. But if I got ta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way.
I saw a different life. I can't stop seeing it. Can't leave, can't stay. No damn use to anyone.
Come on, tell me. Tell me the truth, Frank. Remember that? We used to live by it. You know what's so good about the truth? Everyone knows what it is, however long they've lived without it. No one forgets the truth, Frank, they just get better at lying. So tell me: do you really want another child?
I've never really been anywhere.
I think you're the most interesting person I've ever met.
Knowing what you've got, comma, knowing what you need, comma, Knowing what you can do without, dash. That's inventory control.
It takes backbone to lead the life you want, Frank.
Just because you've got me safely in this little trap, you think you can bully me into feeling whatever you want!
If being crazy means living life as if it matters then I don't care if we are completely insane. Do you?
Tomo-chan told me to watch it.
There is nothing to understand but this: I am a man who could have been great, but was not.
You and that freak Disney, in love with the damn rats!
Come now! Do not fail your friend. Make his sacrifice an act of honor.
Show them the courage of Allah.
The hospitality here is as warm as the weather.
And this is English courage.
How did your uneducated kind ever take Jerusalem?
Why are you talking to a pipe Roman? You're madder than I am.
They say there are only two days you enjoy a boat, the day you buy it and the day you sell it.
Think before you drink and before you drive me mad Bandy.
Don't hurt me Arch, I'm only little.
That, Roman and Mickey, is the famous Archy slap. I have been magically transported straight back to my childhood.
Tried to poison me the dirty Cossack.
Beauty is a cruel mistress, is it not?
Take a shot, he says!, Sure, I'll take a shot!
I wan na kiss ya, Ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it.
Ya got ta be a little soft to wan na be a pug. It's a racket where ya'almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
Listen, I wan na say hi to my girlfriend, Yo, Adrian!
I've never been in a man's apartment before. They
. Stay in school an'use your brains, dig, Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an'forget about sports! Sports can only make ya grunt an'smell, Be a thinker not a stinker!
We do that to Creed an'they'll take us to jail for murder.
You think I don't hear things?
I wan na kill the friggin'moron who broke the mirror.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Thus with a kiss I die.
A plague o'both your houses! They have made worms'meat of me.
Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
Peace? I hate the word As I hate hell, all Montagues, and.
The world is not thy friend, nor the world's law. Then be not poor, but break it and take this.
Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, sight. For Ine'er saw true beauty till this night.
Well Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
What sayest thou? Hast thou not a word of joy? Some comfort, Nurse.
Eyes, look your last. Arms, take your last embrace. And, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss.
A dog of the house of Capulet moves me!
Tempt not a desperate man!
You kiss by th'book.
My only love, sprung from my only hate. Too early seen unknown, and known too late. Prodigious birth of love it is to me
Thou art a villain!
Part, fools! You know not what you do!
Not proud you have, but thankful that you have. Proud can I never be of what I hate.
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
A glooming peace this morning with it brings: The sun for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned, and some punished, For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath! Is the news good or bad? Answer to that.
Rebellious subjects, enemies to peace, Throw your mistempered weapons to the ground.
Be not so long to speak. I lone to die!
I am a pretty piece of flesh! I am a pretty piece of flesh! Me, they shall feel while I am able to stand; I am a pretty piece of flesh!
But soft, what light through yonder window breaks?
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them if they bear it.
'Twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man.
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! Prodigious birth of love it is to me, That I must love a loathed enemy.
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For Ine'er saw true beauty till this night.
Consort? What does thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords. Here's my fiddlestick. Here's that shall make you dance! Zounds, Consort!
A glooming peace this morning with it brings, the sun, for sorrow will not show his head. Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe, than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Thus. with a kiss. I die.
See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I, for winking at your discords too, have lost a brace of kinsman. All are Punished. ALL ARE PUNISHED!
Then if you don't mind. I'm gon na pass out.
All things come to those who wait.
I think I'm in Maryberry.
'I guarantee that we'll have tough times. I guarantee that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart, you're the only one for me'.
'How does she get all these guys to propose? She's not that beautiful.'Bite me, paper boy.
Cindy. Maggie's unmarried cousin.
Have you listened to his morning show,'Wake up with ballplayer'?
I can't believe I flew ten-thousand miles for this shit.
Hey! You don't break in front of a black man in a buffet line.
I hate that fortune cookie shit.
What was that? Did you just pick up a case? Did we just take another damn case on my vacation?
All he wanted was some mu-shu.
Okay, all the Triads and ugly women go to that side, all fine ass women on this side.
I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm, and don't let the robe fool you. This is the only color they had left. Now get up!
No, I don't eat live birds. I like my birds dead and deep fried. You ever been to Popeyes?
I'm gon na solve this case myself. Taxi!
A very beautiful man with a perfect body who I'd like to take to the movies.
Don't be messing with me, Lee. I will kick your ass. I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.
That was my CD. Don't you ever touch a Chinese man's CD.
Someone better call the police.
I got punched in the face. What's your excuse?
Really? That's a coincidence. My top schools where I want to apply to are Oxford and The Sorbonne. But my safety is Harvard.
I always wanted to be in one of those frickin'plays of yours.
Well, I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry I threw rocks at you the other day. But I guess I'll go now.
You know, you and Herman deserve each other. You're little children. Let me show you to the door.
She's still in love with the dead guy, anyway.
I'm kind of lonely these days.
Yeah. And with friends like you, who needs friends?
I know about you and the teacher.
Also you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs underneath your seats. Please feel free to use them. Thank you very much.
I don't give a shit about barracudas. But fuck it. I'm building it anyway.
Yeah? Well, kids don't like their parents to get divorced.
Well, tell that stupid mick he just made my list of things to do today. I'm going to pop a cap in his ass.
I just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
That's how easy it is to give to charity around here. Don't put your shit on the floor.
Except this time, the mission IS a man.
Dr. Gordon, this is your wake up call. Every day of your working life, you have given people the news that they are going to die soon. Now you will be the cause of death. Your aim in this game is to kill Adam. glances down at the tape recorder wide-eyed, You have until six on the clock to do it. There sa man in the room with you. When theres that much poison in your blood, the only thing left to do is shoot yourself. There are ways to win this hidden all around you. Just remember: X marks the spot for the treasure. If you do not kill Adam by 6:00, then Alison and Diana will die, Dr. Gordon. And Ill leave you in this room to rot. Let the game begin.
The key to that chain is in the bathtub.
He doesnt want us to cut through our chains. He wants us to cut through our feet. I think I may know whos done this to us.
Dont look at me. I cant help you.
Goodnight, little girl. up closer into the closet, and we a widened blue eye and part of a face
You wan na know what I do? I get paid to take pictures of rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries. seeing more shots Adam took while following Last night I went to your house. camera, then cut to several photographs of Lawrence leaving his house, glancing over his shoulder and moving down the I watched you leave. I followed you photographs of the exterior of the Hotel Barfly. Lawrence inside the hotel, knocking on the door to one of the rooms while Adam hides around the corner with his all the way to that shitbag hotel.
You know, we arrested a dentist last week who like to play with kids a bit too much. He lived two blocks from here. The sewer lines run under this neighborhood too, Doctor.
Who said anything about a warrant?
Hello Paul. You are a perfectly healthy, sane, middle-class male. Yet last month, you ran a straight razor across your wrists. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die, or did you just want some attention? Tonight, youll show me. The irony is that if you want to die, you just have to stay where you are. But if you want to live, youll have to cut yourself again. shot of Paul waking up in the cage, looking around, scared and confused. The shots go back and forth between the detectives and the Paul flashback, with him grabbing and shaking the razor wire, screaming. His screams sound distant Find the path through the razor wire to the door. But hurry. At 3:00 that door will lock and then this room becomes your tomb. How much blood will you shed to stay alive, Paul?
know what capitalism is, Getting fucked. A
Let her go! .Another guaalude and she'll lpve me again.
Don't get confused, Tony. I don't fuck around with the help,
.Every dog has his day.
You got a nerve, Tony, you got a nerve! You can't tell me what to do. I'll do what I want to do. X'll go out with who I want and if I want to fuck them then1'11 fuck them!
So you wan na play hunh, say hello to my little friend here.
I told you a long time you little fuckin'monkey, not to fuck me and.
Okay, my'caracortada', you can die too. Makes no difference to me.
Now you're talking to me, baby!
In May 1900, Fidel Castro, in an effort to normalize relations with the Carter Administration, opened the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy- two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. In the next few weeks, it became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives but the dregs of his jail population. 3y the time the port was closed 125,000'Marielitos'had landed in Florida. An estimated 25,000 had criminal records. This is the story of that minority, those they call'Los Bandidos.'
Nothing exceeds like excess. You should know that Tony.
Hey, will you shut the fuck up and let me sing?!
Got ta be quicker than that,'A-cup!'
The guy can turn out a hinge in less than a minute? Why the long story?
God forbid you ever get a real taste for Jewish skirt. There's no future in it. No future. They don't have a future. And that's not just good old- fashioned Jew-hating talk. It's policy now.
My father was fond of saying you need three things in life. A good doctor, a forgiving priest and a clever accountant. The first two.
It's Hebrew. It says,'Whoever saves one life, saves the world.'
This is really cruel, Oskar, you're giving them hope. You shouldn't do that, that's cruel.
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired. I'll be very unhappy.
They cast a spell on you, you know, the Jews. You work closely with them like I do, you see this. They have this power, it's like a virus. Some of my men are infected with this virus. They should be pitied, not punished. They should receive treatment, because this is as real as typhus. I see this all the time.
Sergeant, Mr. Tauber, thank you very much. I think I can guarantee you you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month. Good evening.
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
God, I loved it.'I'll send you a copy.'BAM! Bitch went down.'I'll send you a copy.'BAM! Sid SuperBitch!
What's your favorite scary movie?
Billy and his penis don't deserve you.
We did your mom a favor, Sid. The woman was a slut bag whore who flashed her shit all over town like she was Sharon Stone or something.
Corn syrup. Same stuff they used for pig's blood in CARRIE.
I'm sickened. Your whole havoc-inducing, thieving, whoring generation disgusts me.
Look, Kenny, I know you're about fifty pounds overweight but when I say hurry please interpret that as.MOVE YOUR
What am I? The beer wench?
What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost.
Why can't I be a Meg Ryan movie?
Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
Subtlety, Stu. Look it up.
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
Not anymore. Her parents found her hanging from a tree. Her insides on the outside.
Cut, Casper. That's a wrap.
What do I have to do to prove to you I'm not a killer?
'We all go a little mad sometimes.'
Okay, let's see.'No, please don't kill me, Mr. Ghostface. I want to be in the sequel.'
'Drink with your brain.'That's our motto. Who are you calling for?
Look, I know you kinda hold me up as your career template and it gives you some anal charge to challenge me but you win. Okay? I'm not interested in the scoop anymore. Excuse me.
You need to check your conscience at the door. We're not here to be loved.
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
Oh, Come on! You have made millions off the story of her murder. You're obsessed with HER and you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER!
Always hard being friends with you, Sidney. When you're friends with Sidney, you die! Well these friends don't have to, Sidney. It's up to you.
My client says there are two more bodies. two more dead, hidden away. He will take Detective Mills to these bodies, but only Detective Mills. Only at sixo'clock, today.
Get out of the fucking booth!
If John Doe's head splits open, and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.
Oh, it's alright. It's always impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.
You got what you deserved, Zero.
There's not going to be a happy ending. It's not possible.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove: 0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken.
Marianne, can not you play something else? Mamma has been weeping since breakfast.
He certainly is nor so dashing as Willoughby but he has a far more pleasing countenance. There was always a something, if you remember, in Willoughby's eyes at times which I did not like.
All I want all I have ever wanted is the quiet of a private life but my mother is determined to see me distinguished.
My dear, I am the soul of discretion.
He is the kindest and best of men.
What do you know of my heart? What do you know of anything but your own suffering? For weeks, Marianne, I have had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced upon me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hopes. I have had to endure her exultation again and again while knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have produced proof enough of a broken heart even for you.
We were talking of London,ma'am, and all its diversions.
Marianne, please try I can not I can not do without you. Oh, please, I have tried to bear everything else I will try but please, dearest, beloved Marianne, do not leave me alone.
I declare you are the loveliest girl I ever set eyes on! Can not you get them married, Mrs Dashwood? You must not leave it too long!
Hush, please, now that is enough, Margaret. If you can not think of anything appropriate to say, you will please restrict your remarks to the weather.
Oh, a cottage! How charming. A little cottage is always very snug.
Perhaps Margaret is right.
'Is love a fancy or a feeling?'Or a Ferrars?
There is a painful difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event and its final certainty.
Why? When he is the kind of man that everyone speaks well of and no one wants to talk to.
Always resignation and acceptance! Always prudence and honour and duty! Elinor, where is your heart?
John and Fanny are in town. I think we shall be forced to see them.
Colonel Brandon!
Lock and fire on my command. You should have let me see her. We should have done this as men. Not with fire.
Half of writing history is hiding the truth. There's something on this rock the Alliance doesn't want known.
What are we hoping to find here that equals the worth of a turd?
People don't like to be meddled with. We tell them what to do, what to think, don't run don't walk we're in their homes and in their heads and we haven't the right. We're meddlesome.
, make them stop, they're everywhere, every city every house every room, they're all inside me, I can hear them all and they're saying nothing! GET UP! PLEASE, GET THEM UP!, please God make me a stone.
Doctor, I'm taking your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you I will get very choked up. Honestly. There could be tears. He peels out, leaves Simon fuming. Kaylee sidles up to him.
Key members of Parliament. Key. The minds behind every diplomatic, military and covert operation in the galaxy, and you put them in a room with a psychic.
Ain't logical. Cuttin'on his own face, rapin'and murdering, I mean, I'll kill a man in a fair fight. or if I think he's gon na start a fair fight, or if he bothers me, or if there's a woman, or I'm gettin'paid, mostly only when I'm gettin'paid. But these Reavers. last ten years they just show up like the boageyman from stories. Eating people alive? Where does that get fun? He dumps the body in, she starts the doors closing.
Target the Reavers! Target the Reavers! Target everyone! Somebody FIRE!
Boy, sure would be nice if we had some grenades,don'tchya think? Mal says nothing, keeps firing.
This is the Captain. There's a little problem with our entry sequence; we may experience slight turbulence and then explode. Can you shave the vector
Love. You can learn all the math in the'verse, but you take a boat in the air you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down, tells you she's hurting'fore she keens. Makes her a home. River also looks out at the sky.
Eta Kooram Nah Smech! And River drops to the ground, fast asleep. There is a beat. Mal looks around the bar. He and Simon, who has run up to the entrance, are the only ones standing. He looks down at River. She lies unconscious, helpless.
Define'disappeared'. The Ensign just looks uncomfortable.
Can I make a suggestion that doesn't involve violence, or is this the wrong crowd?
just a few of the images we've recorded, and you can see it isn't. it isn't what we thought. There's been no war here, and no terraforming event. The environment is stable. It's the Pax, the G-32 Paxilon Hydroclorate that we added to the air processors. It's. well it works. it was supposed to calm the population, weed out aggression. Make a peaceful. it worked. The people here stopped fighting. And then they stopped everything else. They stopped going to work, stopped breeding. talking. eating. There's thirty million people here and they all just let themselves die. They didn't even kill themselves. They just. most starved. When they stopped working the power grids, there were overloads, fires, people burned to death sitting in their V0 chairs. Just sitting. There is a loud bang somewhere behind her, she starts, gathers herself.
Shiny. Let's be badguys. Mal turns back to River.
Can't stop the signal, Mal. Everything goes somewhere and I go everywhere. Security feeds are a traipse to access, and I wasn't the first one in, this has prints on it, oh! Look at her go! A0 Everyone is getting bruises and contusions. Contoooosions.
You won't. You take care of me, Simon. You've always taken care of me. She stands as the emergency lights come on, giving her face an unearthly glow as she looks down at him.
Dear Buddha, please send me a pony, and a plastic rocket, and
I'm a hair's breadth from riddling you with holes, Doctor
When I talk about belief, why do you always assume I'm talking about God? W They'll come at you sideways. As he continues, we see:
You know what the definition of a hero is? It's someone who gets other people killed. You can look it up later. He drops his weapon, slides it across the floor. Mal moves to the Trade Agent. Hauls him up, tosses him toward the vault. Zoe and Jayne follow.
Well something sure as hell ain't right.
I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar.
Put a bullet to me. Bullet in the brain pan, squish.
Chickens come home to roost. They are suddenly JOLTED by a glancing blow from another ship, Wash struggles to control her
I don't care what you believe! Just. believe it. Whatever you have to. His breathing becomes laboured. Hitched. Stopped. His hand slips away, his blood leaving a distinct print on Mal's face. Jayne and Simon run up, Simon slowing down, going to the ehe's-dead. Zne - „ a r.7-1,;,,, r them as Jayne looks around him, Mal still fixed on Book.
Oh, a jack-rabbit, me.'Sides, I never credited the Alliance with an over-abundance of brains. And if you're the best they got.
Look officers! Life doesn't have to be ugly. See the little birdie? Listen to his call. Peter Pan! Peter Pan! Peter Pan!
Christ, that one was Beaver Cleaver's mother. Peter Pan! Peter Pan! Peter Pan!
I don't know what it is about today, but I FEEL GREAT!
So, Mrs. Sutphin! Tell me! Are you'Serial Mom'?
Kids, did you do your homework?
Alright You're bigger than Jason or Freddie now! Only you're a real person!
All units! SERIAL MOM headed south on York Road. Proceed with caution!
.Dottie Hinkle was right - IT IS BEVERLY SUTPHIN! I tell you I saw blood right on the bottom of her shoes! Not exactly blood - it was GORE! Hanging right there like a runny nose!
Oh God! Now I'll never get a boyfriend!
Amen to that. It's been a crazy day, hasn't it?!
The'Citizen Kane'of gore movies.
Can I borrow your mother? My aunt is coming over to dinner tonight and she's always on my nerves.
Chip is off to a fine start this year. Focused.conscientious. participates actively in classroom discussion.
Dr. Sutphin, is you wife mental?
Sorry, I'm your neighbor and my dog ran up on your dick Deck!
And that's the one label, that never goes out of style.
Charlotte had pudding in her Prada.
Okay. I'll talk about it. Your best friends get screwed over by their guys, how can you not get distant?
I thought I would still be in extreme pain but I'm feeling nothing.
It's all so hot, three days in.
I'm just calling to make sure you aren't hanging from your shower rod.
There's the silver lining. A honeymoon to a romantic Mexican resort that's pre-paid on my credit card because I wanted to surprise the man who jilted me.
Well, I'm hardly the last single girl.
What does your gut tell you?
It wasn't logic, it was love.
Hey'dick wad'. I'm speaking.
Yes, I love you - ah, fuck it, I'm just gon na say the thing you're not supposed to say, I love you but I love me more. And I've been in a relationship with myself for forty-nine years and that's the one I need to work on.
Sweetie, you shit your pants this year. Maybe you're done.
St. Louise, you brought me back to life.
The same way you feel about Botox. Painful and unnecessary.
Oh, honey. you made a little joke. Good for you.
And there, in the same city where they met as girls, four New York women entered the next phase of their lives. dressed head to toe in love.
No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext.
Maybe some labels are best left in the closet..
It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
Does that mean saying his name fifty times more a day than I say my own? Does it mean worrying about him and his needs before me and mine? Is it all about the other person? Is that love?
Year after year, twenty-something women come to New York City in search of the two'L's': labels and love.
No, I'm not alright. You two are crazy to get married. Marriage ruins everything.
Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
That's the point. My head is the witness protection program.
I curse the day you were born.
This is how it starts. Next thing you know. we're only having sex three or four times a week.
You know, I'd like to try your house sometime. The idea of doing it in my sister's bed gives me a perverse thrill.
Okay. I think.I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it, I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do. I'm getting confused.
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much. You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
I want out of this marriage.
I think so. I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
Have you ever been on television?
You never used to say'fucking'.
Fifty pounds! A very worthy sum on a very worthy question. Can a play show us the very truth and nature of love? I bear witness to the wager, and will be the judge of it as occasion arises. I have not seen anything to settle it yet. So the fireworks will be soothing after the excitements of Lady Viola's audience. Have her then, but you are a lordly fool. She has been plucked since I saw her last, and not by you. It takes a woman to know it.
A famous victory! Kegs and legs. Open and on the house! Oh what happy hour!
Good morning, my lord. I see you are open for business so let's to church.
Ah! My lady! The tide waits for no man, but I swear it would wait for you!
Love and a bit with a dog, that's what they like.
Yes, this is not life, Will. This is a stolen season.
Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.
You see? The consumptives plot against me.'Will Shakespeare has a play, let us go and cough through it.'
I love you, Will, beyond poetry.
Licentiousness is made a show, vice is made a show, vanity and pride likewise made a show! This is the very business of show
And tell Shakespeare something more cheerful next time for Twelfth Night.
Well, I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful -
Gentlemen upstage! Ladies downstage! Are you a lady, Mr. Kent?
You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
Have a care with my name, you will wear it out.
I don't know. It's a mystery.
By God, Will, if you do not, who does? Let us have pirates, clowns, and a happy ending, or we will send you back to Stratford to your wife!
That can wait. The Master of the Revels despises us for vagrants, tinkers, and peddlers of bombast. But my father, James Burbage, had the first licence to make a company of players from Her Majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age. Their fame will be our fame. So let them all know, we are men of parts. We are a brotherhood, and we will be a profession. Will Shakespeare has a play. I have a theatre. The Curtain is yours.
You will not tell. As you love me and as I love you, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig!
God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort of sordid, ugly, sexual liason. Why, I'd be proud of that sort of thing.
Cameron! What a surprise.
And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'?
Love and happiness for ever.
When you get up in the morning, how do you decide what shade of black to wear?
Normally I don't meet people, unless I know them already.
Victory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive competitive urges.
He even signs them, in his own name, can you believe it? I'd sign someone else's name. I'd sign his name. If I wrote them, that is. Which I don't.
And what if I told you that I was the antichrist?
Now, let me get this straight. This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?
I saw my grandmother, of course, but I don't suppose that counts. I mean, she was alive at the time.
Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families, David.
Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world?C'mon
Never theorize before you have data. Invariably, you end up twisting facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts. Adler's midget is the key to this.
How terrible is wisdom, Holmes, when it brings no profit to the wise. We take power at noon.
I wonder if they'd let Watson and I dissect your brain, after you're hanged, of course. I'd wager there's some deformity that would be scientifically significant. Then you would serve a greater purpose, too.
Like it or not, it's a matter of professional integrity. No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not.
Data, data, data! I can not make bricks without clay!
I can't but agree. My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work. The sooner the better.
The eye patch was a nice touch.
He was conceived during one of our rituals. His mother wasn't my wife, but she shared our beliefs. She was a powerful practitioner. Though not enough to survive giving birth to him.
I see two men, brothers. Not in blood but in bond. I see the letters S and an L, no. wait, a
You have the grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Heavens! Character actors. J
YOU'RE A DEAD-END, DEAD-BEAT, NO-WHERE MISTER WITH A KISS LIKE A MISSISSIPPI ALLIGATOR'S SISTER
Alimony is just another word for rape!
And here she is! Denton's own! America's Pride! Janet. The Sensation of the Planet.
TIME IS TIGHT JANET DO IT RIGHT JANET UNTIL TOMORROW NIGHT, JANET.
EVER SINCE I WAS THE EINER KELINER HERREN IT WAS THE CORDON BLEU FOR WHICH I AM MOST CARE-EN. AND THE ONE TASTE TREAT SO SWEET THAT REALLY CAN'T BE BEAT. IS WHAT WE HAVE JA? HOW YOU ARE? .CAVIAR! THAT LITTLE BLACK MESS.
WE LOST OUR MOM, WE LOST OUR DAD AN'IF I'M LOSING YOU, WELL THAT'S JUST TOO BAD
The subject is committed. As are we all.
LIKE A VIRGIN WITH AN'URGIN'IN A SURGERY I'LL BE SWINGING, I'LL BE BRINGING OUT THE NURSE IN ME
Ah. Mr. And Mrs. Majors. How wonderful to see you. I am Dr. Cosmo McKinley and this is my sister, and colleague, Nation McKinley.
I can't stand it. Everything good always happens to other people.
I've just come to tell you how fabulous I am.
WELL FIRST YOU GO RIP RIP RIP THEN YOU GO SNIP SNIP SNIP THEN YOU WHIP IN A ZIP ZIP ZIP AN'YOU SPLIT IT UP TO THE HIP HIP HIP AN'AS YOU STRIP STRIP STRIP YOU QUIVER AND SHIVER FOR THAT SOFT CARESS AS YOU SLIP SLIP SLIP.INTO THAT LITTLE BLACK DRESS
Yes, Betty. But the false promise of a new dawn is usually followed by a most bloody sunset.
WON'T YOU HELP ME TO BE CERTAIN OH TOOTHPASTE DON'T YOU PUT THE SQUEEZE ON ME DE-PIL-A-TATOR WHY ARE WE ALWAYS SOONER OR LATER BITCHIN'IN THE KITCHEN OR CRYING IN TH BEDROOM ALL NIGHT.
IF THAT'S NOT ENOUGH THEN I'M SO SORRY I MET YOU IT WAS ALMOST LIKE LEADING YOU ON BUT THERE'S MORE TO IT ALL THEN JUST WRINGING YOUR HEART OUT OVER SOMEETHING THAT KEEPS ON GOING WRONG SO DON'T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
YOU'LL FIND HAPPY HEARTS AND SMILING FACES AND TOLERANCE FOR THE ETHNIC RACES IN DENTON
YOU'RE BLINDED BY ROMANCE AND BLINDED BY SCIENCE YOUR CONDITION IS CRITICALLY GRAVE BUT DON'T EXPECT MERCY FROM SUCH AN ALLIANCE SUSPICION OF TRADITION SO NEW WAVE YOU NEED A BIT OF.
First and foremost Farley Flavors Fabulous Fast Foods feed and fortify families for a fabulous future!
YOU MAY CALL US THE GOODY GOODY TWO SHOES BUT WE'RE HERE TO CHEER YOU WITH THE GOOD NEWS THAT D-E-N-T-O-N GETS T-E-N THAT'S TEN OUT OF TEN
Macy Struthers, God I must have been blind, still, the weaker the man, the dumber the blonde.
And the way we got rid of that dirty little dish is the way we're going to put the rest of our house in order. Including the UPSTAIRS!
SO NIGHT NIGHT IT'S TIME FOR BYE-BYES IT'S BEEN A GREAT DAY THANKS A HEAP NOW IT'S TIME FOR EVERYONE TO GO TO SLEEP
God bless us, every one.
Donkey, two things, okay? Shut. up. Now go over there and see if you can find any stairs.
Really, it's rude enough being alive when no one wants you, but showing up uninvited to a wedding.
That's enough. He's ready to talk.
This cage is too small.
I live in a swamp. I put up signs. I'm a terrifying ogre! What do I have to do get a little privacy? front door to throw the Wolf out and he sees that all the collected Fairy Oh, no. No! No!
Do you think maybe he's compensating for something? groans as Donkey doesn't get the joke. He continues walking through the parking
Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. This would be so much easier if I wasn't color-blind! Blue flower, red thorns.
Hey! That's my princess! Go find you own!
Oh, yeah! Ah! Ah! Thank you! Thank you very much! I'm here till Thursday. Try the veal! Ha, ha!
Oh, that's funny. Oh. Oh. I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
I hope you heard that. She called me a noble steed. She think I'm a steed.
I'm gon na take drastic steps. Kick it to the curb. Don't mess with me. I'm the stair master. I've mastered the stairs. I wish I had a step right here. I'd step all over it.
Give me that! Your flying days are over.
All right. Nobody move. I got a dragon here, and I'm not afraid to use it. I'm a donkey on the edge!
Princess Fiona.
The chair! Give him the chair!
This is gon na be fun! We can stay up late, swappin'manly stories, and in the mornin'I'm makin'waffles.
That'll do, Donkey. That'll do.
Sure, it's big enough, but look at the location.
That champion shall have the honor - - no, no - - the privilege to go forth and rescue the lovely Princess Fiona from the fiery keep of the dragon. If for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, the first runner-up will take his place and so on and so forth. Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make. Let the tournament begin! Oh! What is that? It's hideous!
Consult your doctor before using this product. Side effects may include oily discharge, dizziness, hives, loss of appetite, difficulty breathing and low blood pressure. If you have diabetes or a history of kidney trouble. you're fucked!
I bet you that chick is two tons of fun. You know, the grateful type.
Did you drink and dial?
Quaffable but far from transcendent.
Listen, honey. Let me call you back. Miles and I are in the middle of something. No, it's nothing serious, Miles is just having one of his freak- outs. Yeah. Love you too. I'll call you right back.
The day you open a'61 Cheval Blanc, that's the special occasion.
Please just try to be your normal humorous self, okay? Like who you were before the tailspin. Do you remember that guy? People love that guy. And don't forget, your novel is coming out in the fall.
You don't understand. The wedding bands. The wedding bands are in my wallet.
Yo! Yo! Here's my boy! Here's my boy! Who's your daddy, boy? Who is yo'daddy?
Who's getting married?
I saw a monster. Can I have a glass of water?
I don't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone. Is that understood?
You don't even know what that word means.
You're wasting your time here! I'm not going to report this or anything you do to me crops, to the news or TV or anybody! You're not going to get famous!
Looks a little like our house doesn't it?
I was at this party once. I'm on a couch with Sara Mckinney. She was just sitting there, looking beautiful and staring at me. I go to lean in and kiss her and I realize I have gum in my mouth. I turn and take out the gum. Stuff it in my paper cup next to the sofa and turn around. Sara Mckinney throws up all over herself. I knew the second it happened. It was a miracle. I could have been kissing her when she threw up. That would have scarred me for life. I may never have recovered.
Mrs. Kindleman twisted her ankle as she put it,'diving for her life'when a bunch of school kids rode down the sidewalk on skateboards. She went down to Thorton's store this morning and started spitting on the new skateboards. Spitting! By the time I got there, Mrs. Kindleman had sprayed the whole damn place. She must have had a cold or something. It was enough to turn a grown man's stomach.
And tell Merrill to swing away.
And don't open my pantry Father. I locked one of them in there..
It's like War of the Worlds.
See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed. I'm letting go now.
You'll lose the signal!
Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother, who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw your eyes last night. I don't want to ever see your eyes like that again, okay? I'm serious.
The book says they're probably very good problem solvers.
Closer, please. Clo-ser.
There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti. Fly back to school, little Starling.
Advancement, of course. Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T. Now go. Go. I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
Good afternoon, Clarice.
I'm going to show you why we insist on such precautions. On the afternoon of July 8, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse bent over him, he did this to her.
You still think you're going to walk on some beach, and see the birdies? I don't think so, Hannibal. I called Senator Ruth Martin, and she never heard of any deal with you. She never heard of Clarice Starling, either. They scammed you, Hannibal.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept anything he attempts to hold out to you. Do you understand me?
Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming?
Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see.
I'm ready when you are, Officer Pembry.
People will say we're in love. Pity you tried to fool me, isn't it? Pity for poor Catherine. Tick-tock.
I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor. It's not a charm school.
You know, we get a lot of detectives here, but I must say, I can't ever remember one so attractive.
Welcome to Memphis, Dr. Lecter. I'm Officer Boyle, this is Officer Pembry. We aim to treat you just as nice as you treat us. Act like a gentlemen, you'll get three hots and a cot.
Hester Mofet.'The rest of me.'Miss The-Rest-of-Me. Meaning, you rented that place.
I don't know. Is it?
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
Suicides go to hell. Especially if they're pregnant. And I don't even care.
Goddamn cripples always end up on welfare. Ought to electrocute all of'em. Balance the fucking budget.
I feel like a horse's ass.
No thank you, Jane. I'm a little old for palying the Hardy Boys Meet the Catholic Werewolf.
There are no such things as werewolves. Please, dear boy, have some pity.
Mister, you got a lot to learn about people.
I want to build something, make things grow. That takes hard work, a lifetime of it. That's not why men come to a pretty woman.
Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm a gambler who would like to run an honest game in your town. To whom do I speak about that? I hope it's not this gentleman.
Guess you couldn't hear us coming. He was practicing so hard for a fight, he missed the whole thing.
The world is what you make of it, friend. If it doesn't fit, you make alterations.
You brought a posse to my best hideout and you want to know if I mind. Mister, I don't know any of those names and you're about to die.
You used to ride with that guy?
I don't want to kill you, and you don't want to be dead. Drop your guns.
I think there's only a couple of guys up there and this asshole's one of them.
Come on out, boys! Jake's in town! Let's start the ball!
If I find any cattle on our land after tomorrow, I'm going to start carving them into steaks. And believe me, that's one thing I know about.
Get Kyle and Dusty over here. And keep your eyes open. I'm running out of deputies.
Calvin Stanhope. but my mother called me Slick.
Spread out and look for Mary Clarence. Try to blend in.
It's a sin. It's a wicked indulgence. Is this butter almond?
What're you gon na do, put me in a bag and bury me?
I was thinking Las Vegas. Get some butts in those seats.
I'm just yankin'your chain!
Well Daddy. it's harvest time.
Your destiny can be your doom.
My dad's been captured by a ho.
It's nice to meet you.
The Horseman. he was a Hessian mercenary, sent to our shores by German princes to help keep Americans under the thumb of England. However, unlike his compatriots who came as muscle in trade for currency, he came willingly. For love of carnage.
Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
Yesma'am. I need the police over here at the Wheatley house. I've killed somebody with a mower blade. Yesma'am, I'm right sure of it. I hit him two good whacks. That second time just plumb near cut his head in two. Hits a little old yeller house right on the corner of Marigold Street and some other street. They's a red pickup truck out front says DOYLE HARGRAVES CONSTRUCTION on it. I'll be a settin'here waitin'on ye. Beside sendin'the police, Doyle said you might want to send a ambulance or a hearse. Thank ye..
I like them french-fried potaters.
There was a young man named John Liggit Hunter who was in the filling station business and a good filling station business. He was one of those young men that we run across so often in life. I'm sure you've run across them, that didn't deserve the things he had. One of those things was his beautiful bride, Sarah. She was a Georgia Peach. As a matter of fact she looked more like the picture I've had in my head than any woman I've ever seen. I took it upon myself to take her away from John Liggit Hunter, who didn't deserve her. I'm not sure if I mentioned that he was a Frenchman who claimed to be an Englishman. It took some very strong nylon cord to take her away from him. She was a fighter as well as a Georgia Peach.
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin'a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
A shovel just makes too goddamn much racket.
You have to make something explode to truly understand it. You have to examine the tiny particles while they're on fire.
Ify'all don't shut up I'm gon na go out of my mind. And plus you're liable to bust a spring in Karl's head. He's already off balance.
Something's wrong with me.
Don't let'em in your mouths!
Open the door, sweetie. I know we don't look so good, but your mommy and daddy love you.
Little fuckers are tearing me aparrrr-!
You stop right there, you son of a bitch. I don't care what kinda leprosy you got. We need to find that girl. Now you can make this peaceful, or you can make it hard.
Dude's a half-squid. Ain't many places he can hide. Sea World, maybe.
My enemy's enemy is my friend, no? So, come in, friend.
When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
# NAME?
The man with the Colt 45 says chup.
I thought we would meet again only in death.
Well, well. The slum dog barks. Money or women. The reason for most mistakes in life. Looks like you got mixed up with both. Srinivas, you need the exercise: a trip to VT Station to check on the statue. And lock your bloody bike up.
With respect, Madam, the guide book is written by a bunch of lazy, good-for-nothing, Indian beggars.
What are you gon na do when you get home?
He ain't gon na get nothin'but a brief mention in the obituary column.
My name is Vitoli. How can I be of assistance.
.I forgive you Darwin.
Alright, the ho train is exiting the station. They're coming to you.
Oh hell yeah. We's just in the wrong place at the wrong time. So don't feel so bad dude.
Damn baby girl, you makin'a nigga fall hard now.
No, I'm sorry, the penthouse is currently under construction.
He's your problem now. You can keep the'ten grand along with the body, but if I see you again.well look at him.
Are you taking the piss?
You're not exactly Mr Current Affairs, are you Tommy? Mad Fist went mad, and the'Gun'shot himself.
Tell me the correlation between a hospitalized boxer and a good deal?
Heavy is good. Heavy is reliable. If it doesn't work you can hit him with it.
You fuckin idiots. He couldn't know who I am. Now open the case and give me.the stone.
I am driving down the street with your head stuck in my window. What do you think I am doing you penis?
Why didn't you'bus a cap in his ass'then Tommy? Mind you, you would do more damage if you threw it at him.
But would you mind very much telling me who the'fuck you are? Other than a man that feeds people to pigs of course.
It's an unlicensed boxing match Tommy, not a tickling competition. These lads are out to hurt each other.
Ah, Charlie, lighten up. You've got a pickle up your ass.
Come give your old man a kiss or I'll kick your teeth in.
Fine. Go! You've stayed your hour.
You know Scotland has it's own martial arts. It's called FUCKU. It's mostly head butting and kicking people when they're on the ground.
We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: solitude, hardship, exhaustion, death. We're proud of ourselves, in a way. But our enthusiasm is a sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos, we want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the cosmos. We are only seeking Man. We don't want Other Worlds. We want mirrors. Maybe we don't need to know what it is, or why. Maybe just knowing that it is should be enough.
Who are we kidding? Look at that, look how she moves, it's like jello on springs, they must have some sort of a built-in motor. I tell you it's a whole different sex.
Real diamonds. They must be worth their weight in gold. Are you always this generous?
How about the shape of that liquor cabinet?
So you got pinched in the elevator. So what? Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
Oh, I don't care how rich he is, as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Thank you, fellow opera-lovers. It's been ten years since I elected myself president of this organization, and if I say so myself, you made the right choice. Let's look at the record. We have fought off the crackpots who want to repeal Prohibition and destroy the American home, by bringing the corner saloon. We have stamped out the fly-by-night operators who endangered public health by brewing gin in their own bathtubs, which is very unsanitary. We have made a real contribution to national prosperity, we are helping the automobile industry by buying all those trucks, the glass industry by using all those bottles, and the steel industry, you know, all those corkscrews. And what's good for the country is good for us. In the last fiscal year, our income was a hundred and twelve million dollars before taxes, only we ain't paying no taxes.
Where did you pick up that cheap trick? Come on, boys.
All right, driver. Once around the park. Slowly. And keep your eyes on the road.
You're tired. Let me watch over you tonight.
Erica. You are a woman to love.
Must we go through this every time? Come here.
Hey, your heart attack could be the best thing that ever happened to me.
o you? Okay. Oh, God. I'm like the dumb girl who doesn't get it. I've never been the dumb girl before. It ain't so great.
I got you something great at the farm stand.
Schmucks are people too you know. Death doesn't seem a little harsh?
These are for you to give me when you apologize.
How great is it that I'm not intimidated by your brilliance?
I'm going to the movies! To see the brighter side of life! I'm going to the movies Everything's gon na be alright! Forget my troubles Put my own life on hold Let a studio tell me how to view the world!
OW! That HURT GOD DAMMI-
Damn it! It never gets any easier! Anybody get the score of that Broncos game?
Wow, I guess you CAN do that!
Great. Son, I have some bad news. We accidentally replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have about seven seconds to live.
< b > Bombs are flying People are dying Children are crying Politicians are lying too Cancer is killing Texaco is spilling The whole world's gone to hell But how are you? < /b >
I farted once on the set of Blue Lagoon!
Shut of ze Power, Cartman. Zis is very important, Cartman. Stupid British piece of shi- OW!
Boy, I can't wait for our first shore- leave so I can go get me some poontang.
Yeah, you like that, don't you bitch?
Canadian pussy is mighty cold!
Okay, now let's try to get an answer from somebody who's not a complete retard. Anyone? Come on don't be shy.
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us! You are a bad man!
No, dude. Fuck him. Fuck him in the ear.
Ahhhhhhh. There are some mistakes you can not risk when you have kids.Please, are you ready to go?
Well there was the crack in the planet. That was noisy.
Look at this child.Flor, you could make a fortune at surrogate pregnancy.
Honey, lately your low self-esteem is just good common sense.
Don't translate asides.
But maybe racing isn't about being happy. Maybe Remmington's right and it's all about business and anyone who doesn't understand that is just a chump.
God, you sound like Rex. Do you want to die like him too? Will that make you happy?
This ain't a race. It's a showdown.
He was trying to change this rotten business and they killed him for it.
But for Pops, it isn't just a sport. It's way more important than that. It's like a religion and in our house, the Major Sponsors are kinda like the devil. The coldness in Remmington's eyes belies his smile.
Ok Mr. Two Time Grand Prix, Five time WRL, future Hall of Fame, teach me something.
Folks, I knew Rex Racer and if he's up there somewhere watching this race, you can bet your ass, he's damn proud of his little brother.
This ain't no dead piece a metal. A car's a living breathing thing. She's alive. You can feel her talking to you, telling you what she wants, what she needs. You just got ta listen. Speed tries to listen.
Don't take it out on me because you feel guilty for what happened to Rex.
I know he blew up at Fugi, but this kid is flat out magic!
Speed Racer, slow down!
Meanwhile, Ben Burns sat guzzling cold fresh milk in victory lane, a thousand cameras taking his picture, Sirrus Aeronautics saw almost a twelve point gain which immediately block Penninsula Power Cell from being able to afford the price of a complete take-over. This put Joel Goldman, the CEO of Iodyne Inc. in the exact position he wanted to be in. By first buying controlling interest in his own company at a devalued price, he then brokered a merger with Sirrus that immediately sent Iodyne into the gains record book the only record book that matters. Look out that window, there isn't a single plane or helicopter or K- Harrier that isn't powered by Iodyne fuel cells. That's what racing is about. It has nothing to do with cars, or drivers. All that matters is power and the unassailable might of money. His greed is as tangible as any drug.
Hey! Don't I get to say thank you this time?
But I can't. I will never forget these words:'With great power comes great responsibility.'
All right, then, gentlemen. We are all friends again. And with Christmas coming on, I have a special treat for you. I'll have you all deloused for the holidays. And I'll have a little tree for every barrack. You will like that.
No use, Schulz. You might as well come clean. Why don't you just tell'em it's me. Because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler. And after the Germans win the war you'll make me the Gauleiter of Zinzinnati.
What's the matter with you, Security? You were always so calm. Especially when you let Manfredi and Johnson go out there. Open the hatch.
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
One more word. If I ever run into any of you bums on a street corner, just let's pretend we never met before. Understand?
My wife.'Darling, you won't believe it, but I found the most adorable baby on our doorstep and I have decided to keep it for our own. Now, you won't believe it, but it's got exactly my eyes and nose.'Why does she always say I won't believe it? I believe it!
Ach! One Fuehrer is enough! Now please, gentlemen! Take off the mustaches immediately. Or do you want me arrested by the Gestapo?
Curtains would do wonders for this barrack. You will not get them.
Never beamed two targets from two places onto the same pad before! That was pretty good!
I don't know, but I like him.
I like this ship. It's exciting.
Yessir, happy to. Ensign authorization code: Nine-Five- Wictor Wictor-Two
Four years? I'm gon na do it in three.
Acting Captain Spock, whose only form of expression's apparently limited to his left damn eyebrow, has marooned me on Delta Vega in what I believe to be a violation of security protocol 49.09, governing the treatment of prisoners aboard a st
You will always be a child of two worlds. I am grateful for that. And for you. And not only because you are all I have left of her.
It appears you've been keeping rather important information from me.
Space. the final frontier. These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission. to explore strange new worlds. to seek out new life forms, and new civilizations. To boldly go, where no one has gone. before..
If you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Then come with me, Kirk, you too you're not supposed to be here anyway. Radio the engine room, have Chief Engineer Olsen meet us at Shuttle Bay Five.
I am pumped to kick some Romulan ass! No joke. BRING IT ON!
Set course for Vulcan.
You are an imperfect being. created by an imperfect being. Finding your weakness is only a matter of time.
Brave words. I've heard them before from thousands of species across thousands of worlds. since long before you were created.
I am the beginning. the end. I am the one who is many. I am the Borg.
I hope for your sake that you are initiating a mating ritual.
How can I argue with the Captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that Planet. Veridian III?
Human females are so repulsive..
Now, if you'll excuse me, Captain, I have an appointment with eternity and I don't want to be late.
Least I could do.for a Captain of the Enterprise.
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
You could say I have a. magnetic personality.
. Jim. Your name is Jim..
Don't call me Tiny.
And how many have paid the price for your impatience? How many have died? How much damage have you done. And what is yet to come?
No way, Kirk. Prepare for Warp Speed! Standby Transwarp Drive!
Because. the needs of the one outweighed the needs of the many.
You Klingon bastard! You've killed my < U > son < /U >!
What does it mean, exact change?
Everyone remember where we parked.
He's harmless. Back in the sixties he was part of the Free Speech movement at Berkeley. I think he did too much LDS.
It is difficult to answer if you do not understand the question. Mr. President, perhaps you should transmit a planet distress signal, while we still have time.
Maybe he's singing to the man.
May fortune favor the foolish. Mr. Sulu, Warp Speed!
Hello, Alice. Welcome to wonderland.
I'm ready Spock. Let's go find George and Gracie.
Admiral! There be whales here!
Admiral, if we were to assume these. whales are ours to do with as we please, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
Our < u > mission < /u >! Goddam it, Spock, you're talking about the end of every life on Earth! You're half human, haven't you got any goddamned feelings about < u > that < /u >!
This is an extremely primitive and paranoid culture. Mr. Chekov, issue a phaser and communicator to each team. We'll maintain radio silence except in emergency, all transmissions to be preceded by three coded bleeps. Anyone in uniform, get rid of your rank insignia. Any questions? All right, let's do our job and get out of here. Our own world is waiting for us to save it if we can.
Are you sure it isn't time for a colorful metaphor?
My name is Pavel Chekov. I am a Lt. Commander in Starfleet, United Federation of Planets, service number 656-5827b.
To absent friends. o family.
Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow. Just the two of us. Or just the one of us.
Captain's Personal Log. Supplemental. We're heading toward Federation space at maximum warp. The crew has responded with the dedication I've come to expect of them. And like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields throughout history, I wait for the dawn.
You have the bridge, Mister Troi!
I can see as well as you can. I can feel everything you feel. In fact, I feel exactly what you feel. Don't I, Jean Luc?
If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men, all races, can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship. In time. When trust has been earned.
You're too slow, old man. Attack pattern Shinzon Theta.
'For now we see but through a glass darkly.'He said he's a mirror.
I will always be baffled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities.
Ladies and Gentlemen and invited Tran gendered species. In my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites I have discovered it is traditional to present the'happy couple'with a gift. Given Commander Riker's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation.
I'm glad we're together now, our destiny is complete.
I'll show you my true nature. Your nature. And as Earth dies, remember that I'm forever Shinzon of Remus! And my voice will echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory.
I'm with you, Imzadi.
Can you learn to see in the dark, Captain?
I think you have nicer eyes.
Shall we try some'unsafe velocities?'
Some ideals are worth dying for, aren't they, Jean Luc?
You have a shiny head.
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties?
Bones, I need you badly.
Enterprise. what we got back didn't live long. Fortunately.
Each of us, at some time in our life, turns to someone, a father, a brother, a God and asks'Why am I here?''What was I meant to be?'V'ger hopes to touch its Creator to find its answers.
This simple feeling. is so far beyondV'ger's comprehension.
Of course: we all create God in our own image.
Damnit, Bones, you're a doctor. You know that pain and guilt can't be taken away with a wave of a magic wand. They're things we carry with us - the things that make us who we are. If we lost them, we lose ourselves. I don't want my pain taken away. I need my pain.
I've always known. I'll die alone.
U.S.S. Enterprise, shakedown cruise report. I think this new ship was put together by monkeys. She's got a fine engine, but half the doors won't open. And guess whose job it is to make it right?
You have not answered his question. What does God need with a starship?
Please, Captain, not in front of the Klingons.
What does God need with a starship?
Well, don't just stand there. God's a busy man.
What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear. Captain Kirk, I so much want your understanding. I want your respect. Are you afraid to hear me out?
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke?
You have never experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original Klingon.
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
Well. I see we have a long way to go.
Send to commander Enterprise:'We stand ready to assist you. Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior.'Attach our co-ordinates.
Nice to see you in action one more time, Captain Kirk. Take care.
'Parting is such sweet sorrow, shall we say goodnight till it be morrow?'
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
Mr. President, they ARE vulnerable. There'll never be a better time.
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
Indeed the record will show that'Captain'Kirk was once'Admiral'Kirk and that Admiral Kirk was broken for taking matters into his own hands in defiance of regulations and the law. Do you deny you were demoted on these charges, Captain? DO NOT WAIT FOR THE TRANSLATION ANSWER ME NOW!
I'll bet that Klingon bitch killed her father.
The night is young. Anyway, it was logical. You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
That cunning little Vulcan.
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed.
Guess who is coming to dinner.
I don't blame you. If there IS to be a Brave New World, we old people will have the hardest time living in it. Commander Spock.
Captain's log, U.S.S. Enterprise, Stardate 8769.24. This is the final cruise of the Starship Enterprise under my command. This ship and her history will shortly become the care of a new generation. To them and their posterity will we commit our future. They will continue the voyages we have begun and journey to ALL the undiscovered countries, boldly going where no man. where no ONE has gone before.
In the event of a water landing, I have been designed to serve as a floatation device.
Definitely feeling aggressive tendencies.
I'm going to miss these little flesh-stretching sessions of ours, my dear.
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it.
I kiss you and you say'augh'?!
Go back and put a face on what's happening here. Make the Council see theBa'ku. It's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffering of an unfamiliar people.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you.
I'm not letting go of him.
Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data?
Straighten your baldric, Commander. On screen.
I seem to be missing several memory engrams.
I should warn you. I've always been attracted to older women.
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector. Do you have a problem with those orders?
There! Full impulse power! Not so wounded as we were led to believe, so much the better.
Captain Kirk was your host! You repaid his hospitality by trying to steal his ship and murder him.
No. You can't get away. From hell's heart I stab at thee. For hate's sake. I spit my last breath at thee!
Every time we have dealings with Starfleet, I get nervous. We're dealing with something that COULD be perverted into a dreadful weapon. Remember that overgrown boy scout you used to hang out with? That's exactly the
Are you out of your Vulcan mind? No human can tolerate the radiation loose in there!
Surely I have made my meaning plain. I mean to avenge myself upon you, Admiral. I've deprived your ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of your life
Damn it, Jim, what the hell's the matter? Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral?
He's intelligent, but not experienced. His pattern indicates two dimensional thinking.
And yet, in the midst of our sorrow it should be noted that this death takes place in the shadow of new life, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave his own life to protect and nourish. He did not feel that sacrifice a vain or empty one, and we will not debate his profound wisdom, in these proceedings. Of my friend, I can only say this, that of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most,, human.
I'll say this for him: he's consistent.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree, so don't give me too many bumps.
You proceed from a false assumption. I am a Vulcan. I have no ego to bruise.
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
Space, the final frontier. These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds. to seek out new life and new civilizations. To boldly go where no man has gone before.
An elegant weapon for a more civilized time. For over a thousand generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times, before the Empire.
And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo-Detoo.
Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
Get in there you big furry oaf! I don't care what you smell! Get in there and don't worry about it.
Aren't you a little short to be a stormtrooper?
I have a very bad feeling about this.
All right, come on! And the red one, come on. Well, come on, Red, let's go.
Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, wise guy.
Now, don't you forget this! Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!
That malfunctioning little twerp. This is all his fault! He tricked me into going this way, but he'll do no better.
You came in that thing? You're braver that I thought.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease! Now come out before somebody sees you.
Hello there! Come here my little friend. Don't be afraid.
This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi and it will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
Great shot, kid. That was one in a million.
Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs. I told you I'd outrun'em.
And, now Your Highness, we will discuss the location of your hidden Rebel base.
Help! I think I'm melting! This is all your fault.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
The tractor beam is coupled to the main reactor in seven locations. A power loss at one of the terminals will allow the ship to leave.
Several fighters have broken off from the main group. Come with me!
Remember, the Force will be with you. always.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Well, if there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that it's farthest from.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force. as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there!
Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure. This is madness!
One thing's for sure. We're all going to be a lot thinner! Get on top of it!
Hey, I knew there was more to you than money.
Look, going good against remotes is one thing. Going good against the living? That's something else.
Just you reconsider playing that message for him.
The Force is strong with this one!
Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
There'll be no escape for the Princess this time.
Listen. I don't know who you are, or where you came from, but from now on, you do as I tell you. Okay?
I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or this is going to be a real short trip. Okay, hit it!
That's no moon! It's a space station.
Where are you taking this. thing?
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
I sense something. a presence I haven't felt since.
Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of those TIE fighters to follow you.
I have a really bad feeling about this.
Command station, this is ST 321. Code Clearance Blue. We're starting our approach. Deactivate the security shield.
Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has foreseen.
Luke.Luke.Do not.Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is. another.Sky.Sky.walker.
That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! Home One, this is Gold Leader.
Uh, General. count me in.
What could possibly have come over Master Luke. Is it something I did? He never expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh! Oh! Hold it! Ohh!
I have decided that we shall stay here.
Don't worry, my friends are down there. They'll have that shield down on time. or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.
Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, You'd probably short-circuit.
It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into the woods. We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.
I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.
Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless. Take your weapon! Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark side will be complete.
You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. Although the weapon systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
What's that? I know that laugh.
The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has come.
Now, young Skywalker.you will die.
'Exciting'is hardly the word I would use.
I gave you a baby last night.
I expect the best, but I give the best. Habve some fun. That's an order!
I'll take it. until I get killed or you find someone better.
This is for you new people. I only have two rules. Rule one, everyone fights. Rule two, no one quits. If you don't do your job, I'll kill you myself. Do you get me?
Join the mobile infantery and save the world! Service guarantees citizen-ship. Would you like to know more?
Anytime you think I'm being to tough, anytime you think I'm being unfair. QUIT! Grab your gear and take a stroll down'Washout Lane'. Get me?
The only good bug is a dead bug!
Funny how they always want to be your friends after they kick your guts out.
Sure you do. You're a big fat smart bug, aren't you?
Yeah, well, I'm from Buenos Aires, and I saykill'em all!
NO, we're gon na stay here. This is what my people died for. The right to make a movie in this town.
We got'em. North.No, Henry James was the novelist, Frank James was the criminal. Yep, you came to the right place. Jessie James was the Brother. Of the novelist. That's right. That's alright, Susie. See you tomorrow, Susie.
Everybody makes their own fun.F'you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun, it's entertainment.
Y'know what you got there? You got a fishhook in your finger.
He's got a gift for fiction.
Who designed these costumes? Who designed these costumes? It looks like Edith Head puked and that puke designed these costumes. Get Madge.
It's the truth that you should never trust anybody, wears a bowtie. Cravat'ss'posed to point down to accentuate the genitals, why'd you wan na trust somebody,s'tie points out to accentuate his ears?
If your memory was as long as your dick, you'd be in good shape. How long since you almost went to jail for this shit?
Only second chance I know, chancet'make the same mistake twice.
Everybody needs a hobby. Okay, look Page.
Is that what you're worried about? Looking bad at the PTA?
I'm sorry you're sick.
Just because you can't see it. Doesn't. Mean. It's gone.
Hey, look what I'm not cleaning up. She sets the groceries down on the counter and pulls out a gallon of milk. She opens the refrigerator. She does a double take. The entire top shelf is jammed with cardboard cartons of orange juice. From outside, the CRUNCHING sound comes again. She follows the muddy footprints out the kitchen door.
Don't be afraid of it, Daddy. The hell does that mean? But before Tom can respond, Jake turns, climbs back in bed, rolls over to face the wall, and goes back to sleep.
Look at him. Why doesn't he just lick them when they walk by?
I don't know about'what happened,'Vi, because once you start writing, it all becomes fiction. Still, it certainly is an improvement over your last story: There is now at least a beginning, a middle, and an end.
I'm not an idiot, man. I watch TV.
Yeah, I can use this. but honey you got ta move your eyes slower next time. It's too jerky.
It's the one thing that stands between me and the jungle.
This is what we laughingly refer to as a plan, right?
The question is not whether I am paranoid, but whether I am paranoid enough. You want to rub my neck?
Well. I've lost my appetite. For about a year.
Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale.
Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime, it's what we are. But now the risks are outa line. The streets are a war zone. And sex can kill you. So you slip on the trodes, you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
It's a song about a cop who meets his worst nightmare, a nigger with enough political juice to crush his ass like a stink bug. You're gon na be famous.
But she was different. There was a light in her eyes. and she had this voice. It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice. I helped her. And I promised her that I'd always be there. to protect her. See? It's not about what's in her head. It's what's in mine. I can't let go of the promise. It's. like. it's all I have left.
You know one of the ways movies still have Squid beat? Because they always say'The End.'You always know when it's over. It's over! Now please leave. I have to go on again in a couple of minutes.
Alright, a little B & E action.
Lenny, memories were meant to fade. They're designed that way for a reason.
Mace. no disrespect. but you run this on the 11o'clock news, by midnight you got the biggest riot in history. They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.
Lenny! Jesus! You scared the Hell out of me.
Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal. He's a senator.
Oh, come now, everyone's interested in that. Everyone would like to put someone out of the way. Now surely, Madame, you're not going to tell me that there hasn't been a time when you wanted to dispose of someone. Your husband, for instance.
No. I may be old fashioned, but I thought murder was against the law.
Don't worry. I'm not going to shoot you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb mother. I'm a very clever follow. I'll think of something better than that. Much better.
I certainly admire people who do things. I'm Bruno Anthony. Bruno. See Guy looks up. Bruno indicates his gold tie pin which bears his name in cut- out letters. Guy looks at it with the faintest expression of disdain. I suppose you think it's corny. But my mother gave it to me so of course I wear it to please her.
Doesn't that bloodhound over relax? He sticks so close he's beginning to grow on me, like a fungus.
I still think it would be wonderful to have a man love you so much he'd kill for you.
Anything is possible. It is night on planet earth and I'm alive. And someday I'll be dead. Someday I'll just be bones in a box, but right now, I', not. And anything is possible. And that's why I can go to New York with Sooze because each moment can just be what it is. There's no failure, there's no mistake. I just, I just go there and live there and what happens, happens. And so, right now I'm getting naked and I'm not afraid. You know? I don't, I don't need money, man. I don't, I don't even need, I don't even need a future. I, I could knock out all of my teeth with a hammer. So what?! You know, I could poke my eyes out. I'd still be alive, you know? At least I'd know that I was doing something real for two or three seconds, you know? It's all about feat and I'm not afraid anymore, man. Fuck it! Fuck fear!
I mean, you know, at least I admit that I don't know. I know that things are fucked up beyond belief and I know that I have nothing original to say about any of it, alright? I don't have an answer. I don't have a fucking message.
I did. I split, man. I expanded my horizons, you know. Served my country. Saw the world, you know? I've gained wisdom and now I'm back, baby, back from the road. Me and Jack Kerouac.
No, idealism is guilty, middle class bullshit.
No drinking. No cervezas in the casa. No chicas in the bedroom.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt. Is Jack Bartlett interested in me? I-I
I feel utterly abandoned in a place that values physical prowess over mental acuity. I can't wait for all this to change once we get in the real world.. I
She's their base. Strong as an ox. She's like this Uber-Christian - doesn't say much. I mean, if she wasn't kinda pretty, you'd go,'Hey, who's the tard?'
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money. Your mom only shot a guy.
Wait! Did you say you are pregnant or you were pregnant. You had it, threw it out and you're gon na go back and dance all night!
Well how'd you like me to introduce my foot into your ass?
Morning, sunshine. Remember, these are the best days of your life.
Stars are ageless, aren't they?
They're dead. They're finished. There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world. But that wasn't good enough. Oh, nol They wanted the ears of the world, too. So they opened their big mouths, and out came talk, talk, talk.
She was the greatest. You wouldn't know. You are too young. In one week she got seventeen thousand fan letters. Men would bribe her mani- curist to get clippings from her fingernails. There was a Maharajah who came all the way from Hyderabad to get one of her stockings. Later, he strangled himself with it.
Norma, grow up. You're a woman of fifty. There's nothing tragic about being fifty - not unless you try to be twenty-five.
As long as the lady is paying for it, why not take the Vicuna?
Wake up, Norma. You'd be killing yourself to an empty house. The audience left twenty years ago. Now face it.
I don't care anyway. I want the coffin to be white. And I want it specially lined with satin. White, or deep pink.
No one leaves a star. That makes one a star.
We're gon na make the money grow because that's the smart way. It's capital and you don't spend that. You invest it. That way you can get the SP250 and have money left over.
It's a business lie, not a real lie.
Really. I'm good at getting guys to want me. Not date or marry me. But want me. I've always been good at that.
Holy shit! Little kids!
Calm down, Evan. She likes you. She wants to suck on your penis. That's a good thing.
I'm sorry! You pushed me first.
I don't know. I find they're always good for a little quick ass.
That's good shit. Huh, Miroki?
Next time, remind me to do this out in the yard.
Hi there. Something wrong with the elevator?
You too. I. just can't get it on for the good guys, you know?
You were great in your day, Superman. But When the time came to cash in your chips, Lex Luthor was just naturally your banker! Mind.
I wonder what they're wearing in Addis Ababa.
All those things I can do, all those powers. and I still couldn't save him.
Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secret of the universe.
There's a strong streak of good in you, Superman. But then, nobody's perfect. Almost nobody.
The vote must be unanimous, Jor-El. It has therefore now become your decision. You alone will condemn us if you wish. And you alone will be held responsible by me. Join us. You have been known to disagree with the Council before. Yours could become an important voice in the New Order - second only to my own. I offer you a chance for greatness, Jor-El. Take it. Join us.
My. mother lives in Hackensack.
You will travel far, my little Kal-El. But I will never leave you. Even in the face of my death the richness of my life shall be yours. All that I have learned, everything I feel, all of this and more I have bequeathed to you my son. You shall carry me inside you all your days. You will make my strength your own, see my life through your eyes, as your.life will be seen through mine. The son becomes the father the father becomes the son. This is all that I can send with you, Kal-El. And not near so rich a gift as that your mother sends along. Her. love.
This is Lex Luthor. Only one thing alive with less than four legs can hear this frequency, Superman, and that's you.
Do you know why the number 200 is so vitally descriptive of both of'us, Otis? It represents your weight - and my I.Q. Think, people, think! Deductive reasoning, that's the name of the game!
It's Kryptonite Superman! A little souvenir from your home town! You see I've spared no expense in making you feel right at home here!
It's a miracle that brain can generate enough power to keep his legs moving.
Thank God. I mean. get him!
I think it's boring in here. Everything's white. Why doesn't the guy put up a couple of prints? Bullfight posters, or something.
Take my hand and swear eternal loyalty to Zod.
Because computers run the world today, pal. And the fella who can fool the computers will run the world himself!
He didn't die? I ask you to kill Superman and you're telling me you couldn't even do that one simple thing?
Get a hold of yourself, Vera. Nobody else ever will.
How can he say that pure categories have no objective meaning in transcendental logic? What about synthetic unity?
A very wise man once said.I think it was Attila the Hun.'It's not enough that I succeed. Everyone else must fail.'And you are going to do it for me.
Oh, yeah, you never could hit a curve ball.
Boy, are you gon na get it.
No pain, no gain.
Lenny, I've always thought of you as the Dutch elm disease of my family tree. But this time, nephew, you did fine.
But if he wasn't able to manage. if he really was in trouble, then I'd want to tell him some things. I'd want to tell him that I cherished the time we spent together. And I never expected anything from him. Even if I only saw him for a few moments, it made me happy. And I'd want to tell him that I love him and thatI'II always love him. And. no matter what happens on this world, I know he tried his best to help us.
My nephew, Leonard. He worships me. Let's share a toast to you. a nice guy who's about to finish last.
Nifty, huh? Goodnight Sweet Prince, parting is. inevitable Now, destroy Superman.
I know what you're thinking:'There is pain coming. Am I going to take it like a man?'Let me put you at ease: You won't. None of them do. Men, women, children. They all weep, they all beg. They pass out, they piss themselves. They attempt negotiation: You wouldn't believe how many men have lain right where you're lying right now - grown men, with wives and children back home - offering all kinds of sexual gratification in exchange for a five minute reprieve. It's pathetic. Are you afraid? Then there's that moment when they realize there's nothing left to be negotiated. They're just mine. And they're helpless. And the look in their eyes, the level of surrender. well, it's almost pornographic. I put this mirror here because I don't want you to miss it. Are you afraid?
I think I'll go home - maybe I left my sense of humor in another suit.
I like Harry, but I can't deny he sweats a little.
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
Watch me run a fifty yard dash with my legs cut off!
n't remove the gangplank, Sidney; you may wan na get back on board. This
That's fish four days old! I can't buy it, Susie! Right out of that mouth I love, like you're a ventriloquist's dummy, your BROTHER is saying goodbye! Gee! .you want me to be honest, don't you?!
President! My big toe would make a better President!
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel! Drop dead!
No. You're dead, son - get yourself buried!
He's here, isn't he? Do you think, sir, when he dies he'll go to the dog and cat heaven?
Here's mud in your column!
I wouldn't like to take a bite of you; you're a cookie full of arsenic.
Kill me! Find me a door somewhere - I walked in without knocking!
Everyone knows Manny Davis. except MRS. Manny Davis.
Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
Now don't kid a kidder.
I love this dirty town.
The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
Son, I don't fancy shooting mosquitoes with elephant guns. So suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day.
Conjugate me a verb, Sidney. For instance, TO PROMISE!
This syrup you're giving out, Sidney, you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker! What do you mean that lousy kid will give up my sister?
Why? It's a dirty job, but I pay clean money for it, don't I?
Don't you ever get messages, Eyelashes? I called you twice.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do. That gives you lots of leeway.
Come back here, Sidney.I wan na chastise you!.
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid.with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men.
What you do now, Mr. Falco, is crow like a hen - you have just laid an egg.
So, if the party starts at eight, why are we first going to a bar at ten?
Baby, you take yourself out of the game. You start talking about puppy dogs and ice cream, of course it's gon na be on the friend tip.
They went for someone with more theme park experience. I woulda killed for that job.
Tee, the beautiful babies don't work Wednesdays midnight to six. This is the skank shift.
That was so fuckin'money. It was like that'Jedi mind'shit.
What an asshole. Didn't you see'Boys in the Hood'? Now one of us is gon na get shot.
Yeah. This place is dead, anyway.
You are so money, and you don't even know it.
For someone the N.S.A. has listed as the most dangerous hacker in America, you sure don't look like much.
You know the problem with Hollywood? They make shit. Unbelievable, unremarkable shit. I'm not some grungy filmmaker- wannabee searching for existentialism through a haze of bong-smoke. It's easy to pick apart bad acting, short-sighted directing, or the purely moronic stringing together of words many of the studios term as prose. No, I'm talking the lack of realism. Realism. Not a pervasive element in the modern American cinematic vision.
Too bad, Stanley. Ya got ta die.
You surprised that a girl with real breasts and an I.Q. over 70 can give you a hard-on?
I've been told the best crackers in the world could do this in sixty minutes. Unfortunately, I need someone who can do it in sixty seconds.
Well, I don't think you should tell her she doesn't have blood.
I know how to do it now. There are nearly thirteen million people in the world. Try to imagine that many people! None of those people is an extra. They're all the leads of their own stories. They have to be given their due.
Okay, I cried a little before. Hazel, you've been part of me forever. Don't you know that? I breathe your name in every exhalation.
My love. I know how to do the play. It'll take place over the course of one day. The day will be the day before you died, the happiest day of my life. I'll be able to relive it forever.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willy Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor, will end up in this very place of desolation.
Glad to be weirdly close. Millicent and Caden study each other.
Everything is more complicated than you think. You only see a tenth of what is true. There are a million little strings attached to every choice you make; you can destroy your life every time you choose. But maybe you won't know for twenty years. And you'll never ever trace it to its source. And you only get one chance to play it out. Just try and figure out your own divorce. And they say there is no fate, but there is: it's what you create. Even though the world goes on for eons and eons, you are here for a fraction of a fraction of a second. Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain, wasting years, for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right. And it never comes or it seems to but doesn't really. And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope for something good to come along. Something to make you feel connected, to make you feel whole, to make you feel loved.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Oh, Caden. I wish we had this when we were young. And all the years in between. So many years, so fast.
They said he suffered horribly. That he called out for me right before he died. They said he said he regretted his life. They said he said a lot of things. Too many to recount. They said it was the longest and saddest deathbed speech any of them had ever heard.
I never feel sorry for anything that happens to a woman.
Oh boy, has somebody come to town!
Did you ever see what a.44 can do to a woman's face, cabbie? Did you ever see what it can do to a woman's pussy, cabbie?
who wouldn't take it any more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth. Here is. the
I know what you mean. I've got the same problems. I just can't get things organized. Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, & quot; One of these days I'm Gon na Organezizied & quot;.
My whole life has pointed in one direction. I see that now. There never has been any choice for me.
I first saw her at Palantine Campaign Headquarters at 58th and Broadway. She was wearing a yellow dress, answering the phone at her desk.
I realize now how much she is like the others, so cold and distant. Many people are like that. They're like a union.
Each night when I return the cab to the garage I have to clean the come off the back seat. Some nights I clean off the blood.
All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport?
Twelve hours of work and I still can not sleep. The days dwindle on forever and do not end.
for some time. True Force. All the king's men can not put it back together again. he
Come with me if you want to live.
Pain can be controlled. You disconnect it.
That bum. So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that.it's Friday night for crissakes.
Assigned to protect you. You've been targetted for termination.
Watch this for me, big buns.
Sarah, I came across time for you. I love you. I always have.
Cyborgs don't feel pain. I do.Don't.do that.again.
I can hear it now, it's gon na be the goddamned'Phone Book Killer'.
Hey, buddy, you got a dead cat in there of what?
This is One-Four-Three. West- bound on Olympic, approaching Overland.
Look at it this way: in a hundred years, who's gon na care?
Should I tell you about your father? That's a tough one. Will it change your decision to send him here.knowing? But if you don't send Kyle, you could never be. God, you can go crazy thinking about all this.I suppose I'll tell you.I owe him that. And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth.
Say, buddy.did you see a real bright light?
Listen. Understand. That Terminator is out there. It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with.it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear. and it absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are dead.
There is a storm coming in.
I swear I will not kill anyone.
Good morning, Dr. Silberman. How's the knee?
So what's your story?
Come with me if you want to live.
What is wrong with your eyes?
I know now why you cry. But it is something I can never do. Goodbye.
Remember the message. the future is not set. There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The Terminator would never stop, it would never leave him. it would always be there. And it would never hurt him, never shout at him or get drunk and hit him, or say it couldn't spend time with him because it was too busy. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice..
'Hasta la vista, baby'?
Got ol'Skynet by the ball now, Miles. Come on, let's book!
Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me! Because I know it happens. It happens!
The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator. Because if a machine can learn the value of human life. maybe we can too.
Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
John Connor. I'm glad you made it.
Sniff something did you, rat boy?
All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving you arms around.
This is no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
She didn't leave me. she just left me behind.
It went straight for the warhead. And they think it's cute.
I need you to believe me, Bud. Look at me. Do I seem stressed out? Any of the symptoms of pressure sickness, any tremors, slurred speech?
Sixty knots? No way, Barnes. the reds don't have anything that fast.
Just stay calm. The situation is under control.
Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.
Get comfortable. The bad news is we got six hours in this can, blowing down. The worse news is it's gon na take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
I'm coming. Keep your pantyhose on.
We have no way of warning the surface. Do you know what that means?
Hey, you don't know they're really gon na do it. Where do you get off passing judgment on us, when you can't be sure? How do you know?
We all see what we want to see. Coffey looks and he sees Russians, he sees hate and fear. Bud, you have to look with better eyes than that.
This here's the bottomless pit, baby. Two and a half miles straight down.
Howdy, Uuuh. how you guys doin'?
Look at her, I would die for her. I would kill for her. Either way, what bliss.
Mother, I'm. I'm so terribly sorry. It was just a party. It's over. It means nothing. Those Siamese twins, that hunchback, Cousin It - they're not you.
This is my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look just like everyone else.
Oh Gomez, don't torture yourself. That's my job.
You've done this before.
Cheer up, Lizardo, it's Friday. I come for your TV. You been using too damn much juice.ten thousand kilowatts again this month. Beats me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.
It's not my goddamn planet! Understand, monkey boy!?
May I pass along my congratulations for your great achievement. In the miserable annals of the Earth, you will be duly enshrined! However.Miss Priddy claims to be unable to solve my problem. And provide the crucial missing circuit for my Overthruster. Perhaps you can convince her to try.
Let's just climb upstairs to my office and discuss this like two reasonable.
Sealed with a curse as sharp as a knife.doomed is your soul, and damned is your life!
The man went through solid matter, for crying out loud. Who knows what it did to his brain.maybe scrambled his molecules. All I'm saying is, let's not panic here! I'm sure there's a rational explanation.
Banzai! I'll see you in hell!
I don't give a flying handshake what it is! Where's my bomber?
Take her to the pit! Use more honey. Find out what she knows.
Clint Eastwood. I fucked him.
Wha-at. You didn't really think we'd kill the flucking koala bear, did you?
You got ta shave before you leave the house in a dress like that and I don't mean your legs. Why didn't you jump on her? What's happening to you?
Oh, Arnie, sometimes when we touch, the honesty's too much.
Hebedeebuh. Hebedeebuh. Maybe I did die in the explosion.
Your mom is special. I look forward to raping her at your funeral.
So many assholes, so few bullets.
Damn baby, I hope you filled out some organ donor cards.
sucking my dick. No
I've heard cars fuck with more harmony.
You're ten seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Mr. President, you got bigger problems than losing me. You just lost my vote.
It's sass, right? You're sassing me.
I feel a nightmare coming on. 1 in the corner.
The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Ah. Listen, what might be better is if you just bill me for the flowers. I'm sure it'll be okay with your boss. Well, I don't know if you recognize my voice, but this is the President. The United States. Hello, hello.
If you were a dork, you should say you're sorry. Girls like that.
Dig it, Ms. Wade. You're the President's girlfriend.
Seven-trillion-dollar communications system at my disposal, you'd think I'd be able to find out if the Packers won.
Let me see if I've got this: The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know 13 years ago, when I wasn't President, participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against it doesn't exist anymore? Just out of curiosity, what was the fourth story?
It's nice to see you, Ms. Wade. If anybody needs me, I'll be in the Roosevelt Room, giving Lewis oxygen.
Yeah, good morning. How do I get an outside line? Really? That's simple. Thank you.
There's never an egg timer around when you need one.
Sydney? Sydney, Congress doesn't take this long to
No, it's just that we had a nice couple of minutes together. She threatened me and I patronized her and we didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.
You got ta want it bad,'cause it's gon na put up a fight. It's gon na say,'You want free speech? Let's see you acknowledge a man whose words make your blood boil, who's standing center stage and advocating, at the top of his lungs, that which you would spend a lifetime opposing at the top of yours. You want to claim this land as the land of the free, then the symbol of your country can't just be a flag; the symbol also has to be one of its citizens exercising his right to burn that flag in protest.'Show me that, defend that, celebrate that in your classrooms. Then you can stand up and sing about the land of the free. I've known Bob Rumson for years. I've been operating under the assumption that the reason Bob devotes so much time and energy to shouting at the rain was that he simply didn't get it. Well, I was wrong.
I've lost my husband and my beeper. Have either of you seen either of them?
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
All right, Miss Kubelik, get up. It's past checking-out time, and the hotel management would appreciate it if you would get the hell out of here. Look, Miss Kubelik, I used to like you, I used to like you a lot, but it's all over between us, so beat it, O-U-T, out! Come on, wake up!
Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform, that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe, shipwrecked among eight million people. Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand, and there you were, It's a wonderful thing, dinner for two.
Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character, and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise, and otherwise-wise. Cheers.
'T was the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring, Nothing, No action, Dullsville! You married?
I'd spell it out for you, only I can't spell.
That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go, first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
You fool, you damn fool.
Mildred, he's at it again.
Just like that. I ain't the Madam kid. I'm just one of the whores. And so are you.
For you, Mrs. Peel.
Peel.! Mrs. Peel. Your
He's a VH-1 documentary without the music.
A funny thing just happened. A little trip down memory lane. I thought you were on our couch, dead.
That is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Englishmen and Americans always say to French girls so that they can sleep with them.
When you develop an infatuation for someone, you always find a reason to believe that this is exactly the person for you. It doesn't need to be a good reason, a bad one will do just as well. Taking photographs of the night sky, for example: in the long run that's just the kind of dumb irritating habit that would cause you to split up. But at the time - it's the charming eccentricity you've been searching for all these years.
Good, now get some sleep - I may wish to have sex again before we eat breakfast.
You hope and you dream, but you never believe that something's going to happen for you, not like it does in the movies. And when it does, you sort of expect it to feel different. More visceral. More real. Like IMAX maybe. I was waiting for it to hit me, but it didn't. And just for the record, I never did get my ten dollars back. Richard switches his walkman back on.
I'm the only one here who does believe. You say he's mysterious, yet merciful. I see him for the power- drunk madman He is. And we're supposed to worship such a Deity? I say Never! I say.fight him. I say
Well that's your perception. Well you're right, Walter, and the unspoken Message is FUCK YOU AND LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE. Yeah, I'll be at practice.
Fifteen! This is it, Dude! Let's take that hill!
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.
Hello! Hello! So every time I just want to understand this, sir every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the
Fuck, man! There's a beverage here!
Yeah man, it really tied the room together
Hey! This is a private residence, man!
Awww, fuck it Dude. Let's go bowling.
What is this bullshit, man? I don't fucking care! It don't matter to Jesus! But you're not fooling me! You might fool the fucks in the league office, but you don't fool Jesus! It's bush league psych-out stuff! Laughable, man! I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday, I'll fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead!
Darkness warshed over the Dudedarker'n a black steer's tookus on a moonless prairie night. There was no bottom.
Hey. At least I'm housebroken.
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat! Keep your ugly fucking goldbricking ass out of my beach community!
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
A dick, man! And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other in bed with everybody fabulous stuff, man.
.Say friend, ya got any more a that good sarsaparilla?.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
Boy. How ya gon na keep'em down on the farm once they seen Karl Hungus.
Where's the money, Lebowski!
Yeah yeah,'kill that poor woman.'
The story is ludicrous.
Fuck that! I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gon na have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron.
He was innocent. Not a charge was true. And they say he ran awaaaaaay.
Thaaat's right Dude; they pee on your fucking Rug.
Leads, yeah. I'll just check with the boys down at the Crime Lab. They've assigned four more detectives to the case, got us working in shifts.
Look, let me explain something. I'm not Mr. Lebowski; you're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or Duder. His Dudeness. Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
Shut the fuck up, Donny. Not a bunch of fig-eaters with towels on their heads tryin'to find reverse on a Soviet tank. This is not a worthy
Hot damn, I'm throwin'rocks tonight. Mark it, Dude.
Oh fucking hell. I can't. breath.
Don't they ever stop migrating?
It's the end of the world!
I think you'd rather fuck me than kill me. But you don't have the guts to do either. You're a boxer. Not a puncher.
Huh. The Dahlia's a sister?
Betty's problem wasn't enemies. It was too many friends.
Adios yourself back to the Halls of Tripoli, shitbird. I've got business with the lady.
Losing the first Bleichert-Blanchard fight got me local celebrity, Warrants, and close to nine grand in cash; winning the rematch got me a sprained wrist, two dislocated knuckles and the rest of the day off. Whoever said winning isn't everything got that part right.
Dig in, lad. Hearty fare breeds hearty people. Haute cuisine breeds degenerates.
Uh, Eve.this is Adam. Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me.and I wanted to tell you that I.uh.that I wish so many good things for you. I wish so hard that all of your dreams come true. Um.I, uh.
You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son! I must say, the acorn doesn't fall very far from the tree. By the way, it's time I gave you something. Come with me.
Yes! Lying is always a very effective dating tool.
Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!
No, a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man, a humble man, and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man, and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber.
You see this is bad television. The little assault guys creeping in through the vents and coming in through the ceilings. That James Bond shit never happens in real life. Professionals don't do that. So we've got this up here, which has novice written all over it. And all this down here that's simply a perfect textbook assassination. So here's our two possibilities. We either have rank amateurs that got lucky or consummate professionals that fucked up.
Hey, there Boris. What would you say if I told you that your pinko, commie mother sucked so much dick.
Pour the drink, faggot-ass!
Hey! Fuck! Ass! Get me a beer!
I'm fuckin'fine. Catch you on the flip side.
First of all, I'd like to thank whichever one of you donut munching, barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this to the press. That's just what we need now, some sensational story in the papers making these guys out to be super heroes, triumphing over evil. And let me squash the rumors now. These two aren't heroes. They are two ordinary men who were put in an extraordinary situation and they just happened to come out on top. Yes, nothing from our far reaching computer system has turned up jack shit on these two. All we know is what we found out from their neighbors. And the general consensus is that they're. angels. But angels don't kill and we got two bodies in the morgue that look like they've been.
You must watch dear. It'll all be over soon.
That's a possibility.Y'know you Boston cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day, neither of which deal with abnormally sized men. Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
Fuckin'90's are killin'me. I shouldn't a done that. You're not supposed to tell a guy you're gon na kill him anymore. I got ta tip-toe through the tulips with these assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer. It's what I do. sucked all the fun right out of this job.
So Duffy, got any theories to go with that. tie.
Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the scumbags in the quiet city of Boston start dropping dead and you think it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police doing my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad car and get me over there. I want the crime scene photos and any witness statements. NOW!
Why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here!
And shepherds we shall be. For thee, my Lord, for thee. Power hath descended forth from thy hand that our feet may swiftly carry out thy command. So we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be. E nomini patri, et Fili e spiritu sancti.
So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen?
I ain't getting him no fuckin'bagel.
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
Oooo. I might be wanting a bagel with my coffee.
Yeah, it's St. Patty's day. Everyone's Irish tonight. Now, why don't ya pull up a stool and have a drink with us?
Oh. it looks like we got us a cowboy.
I guess you're not home.
He went out the window, why? why would someone do that?
How could I forget about you? You're the only person I know.
I work alone. Like you. we always work alone.
This is not a drill, soldier. We're clear on that? This is a live project and you are go. Training is over.
Jesus Christ, that's Jason Bourne.
Issue a standing kill order on Jason Bourne, effective immediately.
You better get a good lawyer.
Do you even know why you're trying to kill me? Look at what they make you give.
Our target is a British national, Simon Ross, a reporter. I want all his phones, his blackberry, his apartment, his car, bank accounts, credit cards, travel patterns.I want to know what he's going to think before he does. Every dirty little secret he has. And most of all, we want the name and real time location of his source.
Why didn't you take the shot?
Turn off that tape recorder.
For what? You're nine hours behind the toughest target you've ever tracked. I want everyone to sit down, strap in, and turn on all you've got. That would mean now.
Saturday.March 24, 1984. Shermer High School, Shermer, Illinois. 60062. Dear Mr. Vernon.we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was that we did wrong, what we did was wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write this essay telling you who we think we are, what do you care? You see us as you want to see us.in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athelete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal. Correct? That's the way we saw each other at seveno'clock this morning. We were brainwashed.
Yo waistoid.you're not gon na blaze up in here!
Chicks, can not hold der smoke! That's what it is!
Here's my impression of life at big Bri's house. Son! Yeah Dad? How's your day, pal? Great Dad, how's yours? Super, say son, how'd you like to go fishing this weekend? Great Dad, but I've got homework to do! That's alright son, you can do it, on the boat! Geee! Dear, isn't our son swell? Yes Dear, isn't life swell?
I don't have it.screws fall out all of the time, the world's an imperfect place.
That man.is a brownie hound.
That's very clever sir, but what if there's a fire? I think violating fire codes and endangering the lives of children would be unwise at this juncture in your career, sir.
Idon't.being bad feels pretty good, huh?
You keep eating your hand and you're not gon na be hungry for lunch.
You know how you said before, how your parents used you to get back at each other.wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
Why is that door closed?
I don't have to run away and live in the street.I can run away and, go to the ocean, I can go to the country, I can go to the mountains. I can go to Israel, Africa, Afghanistan.
I'll do anything sexual, I don't need a million dollars to do it either.
Hey, how come Andrew gets to get up? If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy!
.why don't you go close that door. We'll get the prom queen impregnated!
No I just wan na know how one becomes a janitor because Andrew here, is very interested in persuing a career in the custodial arts.
You think he's funny? You think this is cute? You think he's bitchin', is that it? Lem me tell you something. Look at him, he's a bum. You wan na see something funny? You go visit John Bender in five years! You'll see how God damned funny he is! What's the matter, John? You gon na cry? Let's go.
A naked blond walks into a bar, with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other. She lays the poodle on the table. Bar- tender says:'I suppose you won't be needing a drink.'The naked lady says.
You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
Oh.obscene finger gestures from such a pristine girl!
What's bizarre? I mean we're all pretty bizarre! Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
Are you gon na be like a shopping bag lady? You know like, sit in alleyways and like talk to buildings and wear men's shoes and that kinda thing?
Does Barry Manilow know you raid his wardrobe?
Hey keep your fuckin'hands off me! I expect better manners from you, Dick!
You're pretty sexy when you get angry.grrr!
Fine. More eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
I DON'T WANT TO NEED YOU!
You all came home. And with you, my life of details.
That's my new favorite camel.
Eat your waffles, fat man.
being who he wasn't, could be as he wished to be. Oh
That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me. It's a con.
Trying to get something real by telling yourself stories is a trap. Trust me on that one.
You're the only audience I've ever needed.
Well I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's - and I don't want to simplistically vilify an entire country, but Mexico's a horrible place. So we'll be careful.
I dunno about truth. A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you, the less you know.
Shh. I love thunderstorms.
Good guess, fuckbag. Remember me now? We had a great chat once when I was seven.
You really have no clue how beautiful you are, do you?
There is no'right'. When you change who people are, you destroy who they were.
Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
You can't play God, son. It must end with me. Just by being here, you may be killing your mother.
I'm not a doctor. I haven't been to medical school I haven't even been to high school!
I've looked at so many women. I mean, I've seen everything about them, everything. but I never felt a thing. I felt nothing. Now. with you. it hurts. to look at you.
You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples?
Not yet he isn't. But he damn well might.
Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think of me? That I would fuck with your happiness? That hurts.
Gentlemen. I thank you for your vote of confidence. As the Shangri-la's new Director of Casino Operations, I'm gon na make a personal guarantee to each and every one of you. Your investment in this casino will be well looked after. The future looks bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright.
The numbers, they don't back you up, Shelly. Nostalgia's grand. We all love nostalgia, but it belongs in a museum. I think it's time to decide whether you're running a museum or a casino.
You shouldn't smoke these.
A whole club of pirates, with pirate names.
Take your shot funboy. You got me, dead bang.
Victims. Aren't we all.
It can't rain all the time.
What's all this happy horseshit?
BANG! He shoots, he scores!
Fucking creatures of the night; they never goddamn learn.
Great. Good night. Guy shows up looking like a mime from hell. Least he didn't do that'walking against the wind'shit; I hate that.
You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it. Wish I coulda seen that.
Holy shit. you're dead, man.
Do you know what they call a gathering of crows, Curve?
Congratulations, monkey. You just bought yourself a fighting chance.
I'll start with Nemo, then work my way up the food chain. Where is he?
Can you look destiny in the eye without flinching?
Nothing personal, sport.
'Life is just a dream on the way to death.'I like that.
Some people are born victims.
You're wasting your breath, angelito. Nobody up there's listening.
People used to put coins in the mouths of the dead. Do you know why? So they could pay the ferryman to take them across the river Styx. What's this?
The dead can return, given sufficient motivation. And Corvis has that.
I want you. to bend over. Officer Dutton.
Spark, gas. bad combination. And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
I broke the heel off of one of my shoes.I don't usually walk around in my bare feet.
It isn't how well you play, it's how you feel about what you're playing. Try this.
You can be mad as a mad dog at the way things went.You can swear, curse the fates, regret everything you ever did. but when it comes to the end. You have to let go.
I don't know. I'm always looking out of my own eyes.
It's a funny thing about coming home. Smells the same. Looks the same. Feels the same.
I didn't mind. I would listen to the house breathing. All the people sleeping. I felt safe.
'.What I think is, it's never too late.or, in my case, too early, to be whoever you want to be.There's no time limit, start anytime you want.change or stay the same.there aren't any rules.We can make the best or worst of it.I hope you make the best.I hope you see things that startle you. Feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people who have a different point of view. I hope you challenge yourself. I hope you stumble, and pick yourself up. I hope you live the life you wanted to.and if you haven't, I hope you start all over again.'
Benjamin. We're meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us.
Did I ever tell you I've been struck by lightning seven times. Once I was sitting in my truck listening to the radio.
You'll see little man, plenty times you be alone. You different like us, it's gon na be that way. But I tell you a little secret I find out. We know we alone. Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people. they just as alone as us. But they scared shitless.
What if I was to tell you I wasn't getting older, I was getting younger than everybody else.
You may be as ugly as an old pot. but you still a child of God.
We cared about Hartlepools and Derby. We're from the North, Pete. What do we care about Brighton? Bloody Southerners. Look where we are. We're almost in France.
'Oh, I don't like to be beside the seaside.'
I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a real screwball.
Department of Commerce. She's a secretary. They have a man they call the Secretary, but he isn't at all. My mother's a real secretary. Mr. Carpenter, now can we go see the space ship?
Gort! Klaatu, barada, nikto.
We have come to visit you in peace, and with good will.
I don't want to resort to threats, Mr. Harley. I simply tell you bluntly that the future of your planet is at stake. I suggest you transmit that message to the nations of the Earth.
When I was your age, they would say, we become cops or criminals. Today, what I'm saying to you is this: When you are facing a loaded gun.
What we generally do in this country is one guy shows up with the items, and the other guy pays him. No tickee.no laundry.
Fuckin'Ricans think they know everything. If they knew shit they wouldn't be Puerto Ricans.
What, are you waiting for him to chop me up and feed me to the poor?
I want you to know you don't got ta stay. If we're not going to make it, it's got to be you that gets out. I'm not capable I'm fuckin'Irish, so I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life.
I can't wait for you to try to explain this to a Suffolk County grand jury. This is gon na be fun.
One of us was going to have to die. With me it tends to be the other guy.
Yes, course I do. What Freud said about the Irish is We're the only people impervious to psychoanalysis.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
We are not here to solve the'Case of the Dead Scumbag'. We are here to nail Costello.
I thought I was the liar.
'cause I'm the poet and you're my muse
Don't underestimate Death.
I am the Lizard King I can do anything
You're gon na cut it!
I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.
Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
Come on Patricia, I was stoned. it seemed like the fun thing at the time.
Edie gave this to me and said mmmmm, I could talk to God with this. But I don't really have anything to say. So. mmmm now you can talk to God. Oh hi!
Yeah. What's wrong with being fat.
Actually, I don't really remember being born. It musta happened during one of my blackouts.
The biggest mistakes in my life have been haircuts.
Turn around rock star.
Nietzche said'all great things must first wear monstrous and terrifying masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity'. Listen children, to the sound of the Nuremberg night.
Uh love death travel. revolt. We all write the songs, we're interested in anything about disorder, chaos, especially activity which seems to have no meaning. I think when you make peace with authority, you become authority.
Hey Johny'ever eaten human flesh? When we get to New York, I know this chick.
Luck, my friend, luck. Who needs it more than we?
Never, oh! Never, nothing will die. the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die.
.Am I a good man or am I a bad man?
I am not an animal. I'm not. I'm not. I am a man.
Hello. my name is. John Merrick.
People are often frightened by what they don't understand.
Here we are sir. Life is full of surprises. Ladies and gentlemen, consider the fate of this creature's poor mother. In the fourth month of her maternal condition, she was struck down by a wild elephant Struck down, if you take my meaning, on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see ladies and gentlemen. THE TERRIBLE ELEPHANT
Am I K. in your book? I think I must be.
Do you think you're the only one who feels anything? Is that what you think?
I once traveled with a terrific guide, who was taking me to Faya. He didn't speak for nine hours. At the end of it he pointed at the horizon and said - Faya! That was a good day!
You speak so many bloody languages and you never want to talk.
I wanted to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjectives.
I have to teach myself not to read too much into everything. Comes of too long having to read so much into hardly anything at all.
Ownership. Being owned. When you leave, you should forget me.
I must be a curse. Anybody who loves me, anybody who gets close to me - or I must be cursed. Which is it?
There was a general who wore a patch over a perfectly good eye. The men fought harder for him. Sometimes I think I could get up and dance. What's under your bandages?
There is no God. But I hope someone looks after you.
Ask him. Ask your saint who he is. Ask him who he's killed.
Every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it was full again.
You are a Canadian spy working for the Allies. Code-name Moose.
Fa-dah! Can you help an old altar boy? I'm a Cat-lick!
Stick your cock up her ass! You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker!
They've found something. small pieces.
Your mother's in here with us Karras, would you like to leave a message? I'll see that she gets it.
Cunting Hun! Bloody damn butchering Nazi pig!
Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me.
We may ask what is relevant, but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar, the demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological, Damien. And powerful. So don't listen, remember that, do not listen.
Let Jesus fuck you! Let him fuck you!
I know that. I realize. But if a certain British doctor never asked'What's this fungus?'we wouldn't today have penicillin. Correct?
Take me! Come into me! God damn you! Take me! Take me!
Your mother sucks cocks in hell Karras, you faithless slime!
I thought you'd like to keep this.
What's for dessert?
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find.
The power of Christ compels you.
There's not a day in my life when I don't feel like a fraud. I mean priests, doctor, lawyers I've talked to them all, I don't know anyone who hasn't felt that.
There seems to be an alien pubic hair in my Gin.
Do you know what she did, your cunting daughter?
Keep away! The sow is mine!
You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
What's happening to you, Frank? You been kissing ass so long you're starting to like it? You let that guy turn us into clowns tonight. We were always small time, but we were never clowns, Frank. What's happened to your dignity?
Hey, listen. You're not going soft on me, are you? I mean, you're not gon na start dreaming about me and waking up all sweaty and looking at me like I'm some kinda princess when I burp.
You cant do this. You cant keep coming in and out of peoples lives, messing things up.
If you could take a dump some time in this century, then we could go home where its warm.
You mean because you thought I was cocky Im now on a permanent acid trip?
Dont screw up the best thing in your life just because youre a little unsure about who you are. Okay?
Father. You sure she's the Supreme Being?
Finger's gon na kill me.
You want something done, do it yourself!
The Fifth Element. The Supreme Being. Your wife.
.Torture whoever you want, the president if you have to but I want those Stones. You have an hour.
Two kids tried to set me on fire.
I can't believe I'm on a first name basis with these people.
Oh sure. Got ta believe in God. But I don't think God made man in his own image. No.'Cause most of. the bullshit that happens, is because of men. No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God, because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting, I slept with a few saints and let me tell you. < u > Booooorring < /u >!. And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know, work it out. Not that we have to get married..
Holdin'my penis. What a lovely way of sayin'how Much ya like me.
. Nieztsche says that there are two kinds of people in this world. People who are destined for greatness like. Walt Disney and. Hitler. and then there's the rest of us. He called us the Bungled and Botched. We get teased. We sometimes get close to greatness but we never get there. We're the expendable masses. We get pushed in front of trains. take poison aspirins. get gunned down in Dairy Queens.
I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh and I can't find my baby.
I wish there was some way I could. just. pay the fine and go home.
The sonofabitch is in here somewhere. I saw him, I'm gon na get him.
Thank you, Howard. Take what's left there with you and goodnight.
What for, you wan na play Hide the Salami with his old lady?
Ladies and gentlemen. our fugitive's been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground - barring injury is approximately four miles an hour, giving us a radius of six miles. I want a hard-target search of any residence, gas station, farmhouse, henhouse, doghouse and outhouse in that area. Check-points go up at 15 miles. You got that? Good. Now, turn those damn things off and get out of our way.
So what's the object of the game?
You run the job, but I run the show. You got two weeks to set it up.
You're right. The Devil has come. Look at me. I am the Devil.
We all worked together. Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor. My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands. I like the blood, is that strange?
They have an expression in prizefighting:'everyone has a plan until they're hit.'You've just been hit. the getting up is up to you.
You build bridges, John- -you've got to go where the rivers are.
Attention, shoppers. There's a Retail Rodeo special on aisle three. Liquid drain cleaner. Two 12-ounce cans for $ 5. Liquid drain cleaner has churning power and will churn right through your pipes. Ladies, shove something clean and new up your filthy pipes. Liquid drain cleaner on aisle three. Have a good day and thank you for shopping at Retail Rodeo.
How it all came down to this, only the devil knows. Retail Rodeo was at the corner on my left, the motel was down the road to my right. I closed my eyes and tried to peer into the future. On my left I saw days upon days of lipstick and ticking clocks. Dirty looks and quiet whisperings. and burning secrets that won't ever die away. And on my right, what could I picture? The blue sky, the desert earth streching out into the eerie infinity. A beautiful, never ending nothing.
As a girl, you see the world like a giant candy store, filled with sweet candy and such. But one day you look around and see a prison and you're on death row. You wan na run, or scream or cry. But something's locking you up. Are the other folks cows, chewing cud till the hour come and their heads roll? Or are they just keeping quiet, like you. Planning their escape?
If I was a woman, I'd be a slut. A lesbian slut.
Dear Justine. Because of you I'll be quitting the Retail Rodeo. The last two days have been the most god-awful days of my life. I've not been able to get rid of you in my head. I never wanted anything so bad, and I have wanted many things. I'd given up long ago on being gotten by someone else, and then you came along. The idea of being gotten, because of circumstance, will never get got is the worst feeling I've ever felt, and I have felt many bad feelings. I'm sorry I can never see you again, Justine, forgive me for being so weak, but that is who I am. Goodbye, Holden Wurther. If for some reason, you could change your mind and want to be with me, body and soul, meet me after work. I will be waiting for you at five PM outside Chuck E.Cheese. If you are not there at five, you will never see me in your lifetime.
Holden gave me two of his stories to read. It's like what a story would be. I was about a boy who was put upon, his mother was cold and selfish, and his father wanted him to play football. Other people didn't get him, especially girls. Then the boy comes to believe no one can ever really know him. So he starts actin'out, drinkin', and doin'all kinds of drugs. At the end the boy kills himself but jumpin'over abridge. The second story was pretty much the same as the first. Except at the end, the boy kills himself by drinkin'a bottle of bug poison.
That day I read the story Holden wrote for me. It was kinda different from the other one, but kinda the same. It was about a woman who was put upon. Whose job was a prison, and whose life had lost all meaning. Other people don't get her, especially her husband. One day she meets a boy who is also put upon, and they fall in love. After spending their whole lives not getting got, with one look they get eachother completely. In the end, the boy and the girl run away together in the wilderness, never to be heard from again.
Happy Halloween Retail Rodeo shoppers! There's a Retail Rodeo special on all bulk candy on aisle four. Ghouls and goblins, witches and warlocks, wandering these aisles, day after day. I'll put a Halloween curse on you.
But, they're dirty. They're sweet. If I could only get my hands on some money, someone could just tell me the answer. I got ta do. But If I ever do, I end up thinking about it instead. I got ta do. But do what? pushes the blackberry he's about to What? What was that for?
You know, sometimes, I think to myself, at least it can't get any worse. But it can. I can worse. As long as you can say you've hit rock bottom you can.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
After livin in the dark for so long a glimspe of the light can make you giddy. Strange thought come into your head and you'd better think'em. Has a special fate been callin'you and you not listenin? Is there a secret message right in front you, and you're not reading it? Is this your last, best chance? Are you gon na take it? Or are you goin'to the grave with unlived lives in your vains?
