Without music life would be a mistake.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; And therefore is wing’d Cupid painted blind.
It is very true, upon my honour, but I see how it is; you are indifferent to everybody’s admiration, except that of one gentleman, who shall be nameless.
When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
A lady’s imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.
You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
I had rather be a _thing_ than an angel.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence—whether much that is glorious—whether all that is profound—does not spring from disease of thought—from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Mama, the more I know of the world, the more am I convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Which dreams, indeed, are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
My dear Jane, Mr. Collins is a conceited, pompous, narrow-minded, silly man; you know he is, as well as I do; and you must feel, as well as I do, that the woman who married him can not have a proper way of thinking.
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Come gentle night, come loving black-brow’d night, Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night, And pay no worship to the garish sun.
It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
If you look for perfection, you will never be satisfied.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
If after I am free a friend of mine gave a feast, and did not invite me to it, I should not mind a bit.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
But I hate to hear you talking so like a fine gentleman, and as if women were all fine ladies, instead of rational creatures.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
A fiend had snatched from me every hope of future happiness; no creature had ever been so miserable as I was; so frightful an event is single in the history of man.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
Adieu to disappointment and spleen.
I shall not say you are mistaken, he replied, because you could not really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you; and I have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know that you find great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your own.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
I can resist everything except temptation.
Your husband is noble nature, and you are noble too, for you trust, and trust can not be where there is mean nature.
I heard that metallic noise descending into the great ditch.
She was a vixen when she went to school, And though she be but little, she is fierce.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
I am sick to death of cleverness.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Do you know I am afraid that good people do a great deal of harm in this world.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance, Phipps.
I know that ghosts _have_ wandered on earth.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
I am afeard, Being in night, all this is but a dream, Too flattering sweet to be substantial.
It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
She seems to have a skill and presence of mind perfectly wonderful in a child of her age.
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes.
Of all people in the world the English have the least sense of the beauty of literature.
I can not say why I felt so wildly wretched: it must have been temporary derangement; for there is scarcely cause.
I don’t think, sir, you have a right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it! Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is referable to this.
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
We have our plans.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one’s self, and one always ends by deceiving others.
Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes.
I feel funny.
But he felt that he was full of the most splendid plans and projects.
That must needs be sport alone; And those things do best please me That befall prepost’rously.
Nothing is too small.
Because I think that life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
And O what a bright old song it is, that O‘tis love,‘tis love,‘tis love that makes the world go round!
Then I am sorry for you, Gertrude, very sorry for you.
Think you’re escaping and run into yourself.
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn’t love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
But trifles look so trivial As soon as you have come, That blame is just as dear as praise And praise as mere as blame.
Picture: Decorative graphic Yet each man kills the thing he loves, By each let this be heard, Some do it with a bitter look, Some with a flattering word, The coward does it with a kiss, The brave man with a sword! Some kill their love when they are young, And some when they are old; Some strangle with the hands of Lust, Some with the hands of Gold: The kindest use a knife, because The dead so soon grow cold. Some love too little, some too long, Some sell, and others buy; Some do the deed with many tears, And some without a sigh: For each man kills the thing he loves, Yet each man does not die.
It pacified me, in fact, so much that I did not raise an alarm.
The only thing wanting is the necessary thing, a great patch of open sky like this.
To lose one parent, Mr. Worthing, may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose both looks like carelessness.
I can much more easily believe Mr. Bingley’s being imposed on, than that Mr. Wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last night; names, facts, everything mentioned without ceremony.
At least I know who I was when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
I know that ghosts _have_ wandered on earth.
But it is of small importance.
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
We entered the wood, and wended homeward.
Parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
I love to be alone.
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the society of clever women.
There was too much to be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to any other objects.
I'd rather sing one wild song and burst my heart with it, than live a thousand years watching my digestion and being afraid of the wet.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.
They’re a rotten crowd, I shouted across the lawn.
It is the world’s original sin.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
If I can but see one of my daughters happily settled at Netherfield, said Mrs. Bennet to her husband, and all the others equally well married, I shall have nothing to wish for.
Because desire just cheats you.
Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar.
For a while both were silent—gazing into each others’eyes as though each still questioned the reality of the wonderful happiness that had come to them.
Anne smiled and said, My idea of good company, Mr Elliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people, who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
She went on: From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
Your mind is my treasure, and if it were broken, it would be my treasure still: if you raved, my arms should confine you, and not a strait waistcoat—your grasp, even in fury, would have a charm for me: if you flew at me as wildly as that woman did this morning, I should receive you in an embrace, at least as fond as it would be restrictive.
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilised by education: they grow there, firm as weeds among stones.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; —not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.
I am your husband, and I love you.
There is nothing more luxurious than eating while you read unless it be reading while you eat.
The dread of being awakened from the happiest dream, was perhaps the most prominent feeling.
Nay, when I read a letter of his, I can not help giving him the preference even over Wickham, much as I value the impudence and hypocrisy of my son-in-law.
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
It was not a new world, but rather another chaos, that it created in us.
For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy, whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
The world is little, people are little, human life is little.
Ramsden: it is very easy for you to call me a happy man: you are only a spectator.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
But there are moments when one has to choose between living one’s own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
For you yourself, sir, should be old as I am, if like a crab you could go backward.
We have lived enough for others; let us at least live out the small remnant of life for ourselves; let us now call in our thoughts and intentions to ourselves, and to our own ease and repose.
No amount of fire or freshness can challenge what a man can store up in his ghostly heart.
Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
I always deserve the best treatment, because I never put up with any other; and, therefore, you must give me a plain, direct answer.
And so do I. I’ve dreamt in my life dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas: they’ve gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the colour of my mind.
I gave him my heart, and he took and pinched it to death, and flung it back to me.
There is no sin except stupidity.
It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
This good-fellowship—_camaraderie_—usually occurring through similarity of pursuits, is unfortunately seldom superadded to love between the sexes, because men and women associate, not in their labours, but in their pleasures merely. Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
Object is no expense.
It stops and gilds some inconsequential object, and we poor fools try to grasp it but when we do the sunbeam moves on to something else, and you've got the inconsequential part, but the glitter that made you want it is gone He broke off uneasily.
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.
At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be infinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable.
He saw her urge her vanities, her fine dress and sash and long black stockings, and knew that he had yielded to them a thousand times.
May you never appeal to Heaven in prayers so hopeless and so agonised as in that hour left my lips; for never may you, like me, dread to be the instrument of evil to what you wholly love.
It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda; or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
So we drove on toward death through the cooling twilight.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
But pride—where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
Your mother will never see you again if you do _not_ marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you _do_.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
And in platonic love there can be no tragedy, because in that love all is clear and pure, because.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.
At the enchanted metropolitan twilight I felt a haunting loneliness sometimes, and felt it in others—poor young clerks who loitered in front of windows waiting until it was time for a solitary restaurant dinner—young clerks in the dusk, wasting the most poignant moments of night and life.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
I have a single wish, and my whole being and faculties are yearning to attain it.
No amount of fire or freshness can challenge what a man can store up in his ghostly heart.
Be in your chamber then at that hour, and do not take it amiss if your visitor wear a mask.
It is never of any use to oneself.
My very soul demands you: it will be satisfied, or it will take deadly vengeance on its frame.
That is what Fiction means.
I have forgiven all, and so I can not deprive her of what is exacted by love in her—by her love for her son.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
I was not born to be forced.
It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
Here is the great man whom I fancy you are never tired of reading.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can’t find them, make them.
It is something to think of, and it gives her a sort of distinction among her companions.
—History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
That last spell must have been over a mile.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
As long as heaven vouchsafes him health and strength, he thinks that he shall come to no harm hereafter, and even when the blessed gods bring sorrow upon him, he bears it as he needs must, and makes the best of it; for God almighty gives men their daily minds day by day.
As we have seen, the stupidity is only apparent: the service was really only an honest attempt to make the best of a commercial contract of property and slavery by subjecting it to some religious restraint and elevating it by some touch of poetry. But the actual result is that when two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
Always, after he was in bed, there were voices—indefinite, fading, enchanting—just outside his window, and before he fell asleep he would dream one of his favorite waking dreams, the one about becoming a great half-back, or the one about the Japanese invasion, when he was rewarded by being made the youngest general in the world.
It had been successful, for at three-and-twenty, blighted affections find a balm in friendly society, and young nerves will thrill, young blood dance, and healthy young spirits rise, when subjected to the enchantment of beauty, light, music, and motion.
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken; but where, as in this case, though the conduct is mistaken, the feelings are not, it may not be very material.—Mr.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it call itself my home, my fatherland, or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use—silence, exile and cunning.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
It is so much more real than life.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.
You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
Whatever we had missed, we possessed together the precious, the incommunicable past.
The distance is nothing, when one has a motive; only three miles.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Their eyes met, and they stared together at each other, alone in space.
Moral wounds have this peculiarity, —they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.
We have walked with our humble friend thus far in the valley of slavery; first through flowery fields of ease and indulgence, then through heart-breaking separations from all that man holds dear.
It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
He never loses patience, never doubts or complains, but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him.
I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home.
In this world there are only two tragedies.
Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle’s compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
Melancholy were the sounds on a winter's night.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
If I had such a memory as Benwick, I could bring you fifty quotations in a moment on my side the argument, and I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy.
No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself, and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
He did not care if she was heartless, vicious and vulgar, stupid and grasping, he loved her.
Well I know that thou wouldst have loved me, and the mystery of love is greater than the mystery of death.
You want nothing but patience—or give it a more fascinating name, call it hope.
It does make life so interesting.
I swear they are all beautiful, Every one that sleeps is beautiful, every thing in the dim light is beautiful, The wildest and bloodiest is over, and all is peace. Peace is always beautiful, The myth of heaven indicates peace and night.
I wish as well as every body else to be perfectly happy; but, like every body else it must be in my own way.
And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays.
To bed, to bed, to bed.
Love Jo all your days, if you choose, but don’t let it spoil you, for it’s wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can’t have the one you want.
There is a moment—Oh, just before the first kiss, a whispered word—something that makes it worth while.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
Let us take the law of our sides; let them begin.
I have very often hoped and intended to come back, but have been prevented by many circumstances.
And being restrained, it by degrees becomes passive, till it is only the shadow of desire.
I don’t like work—no man does—but I like what is in the work—the chance to find yourself.
The question is, what can you make people believe that you have done.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
All sad feelings seemed now driven from the house, all gloomy associations forgotten: there was life everywhere, movement all day long.
But how happens it that he who is said to enjoy these things is so commonly a _poor_ civilized man, while the savage, who has them not, is rich as a savage? If it is asserted that civilization is a real advance in the condition of man, —and I think that it is, though only the wise improve their advantages, —it must be shown that it has produced better dwellings without making them more costly; and the cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
I am longing to be with you, and by the sea, where we can talk together freely and build our castles in the air.
And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake, and perhaps as long as eternity too.
That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, —or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends.
It is settled between us already, that we are to be the happiest couple in the world.
I turned in, and never slept better in my life.
The instant, however, that I had stepped over the threshold, he moved impulsively forward, and holding out his hand grasped mine with a strength which made me wince, an effect which was not lessened by the fact that it seemed as cold as ice more like the hand of a dead than a living man.
There are many Beths in the world, shy and quiet, sitting in corners till needed, and living for others so cheerfully that no one sees the sacrifices till the little cricket on the hearth stops chirping, and the sweet, sunshiny presence vanishes, leaving silence and shadow behind.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Don’t laugh at the spinsters, dear girls, for often very tender, tragic romances are hidden away in the hearts that beat so quietly under the sober gowns, and many silent sacrifices of youth, health, ambition, love itself, make the faded faces beautiful in God’s sight.
The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them.
You use a glass mirror to see your face: you use works of art to see your soul.
Australia is fertile in writers whose books are faithful mirrors of the life of the country and of its history.
When they reach manhood they are lovers of youth, and are not naturally inclined to marry or beget children, if at all, they do so only in obedience to the law; but they are satisfied if they may be allowed to live with one another unwedded; and such a nature is prone to love and ready to return love, always embracing that which is akin to him. And when one of them meets with his other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy, and one will not be out of the other's sight, as I may say, even for a moment: these are the people who pass their whole lives together; yet they could not explain what they desire of one another.
The most terrible thing about it is not that it breaks one's heart hearts are made to be broken but that it turns one's heart to stone.
I was sure you loved your girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance.
If I am occasionally a little over-dressed, I make up for it by being always immensely over-educated.
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
Wounded vanity can make a woman more vindictive than a lioness robbed of her cubs.
Those who do not complain are never pitied.
He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything.
The only difference between a caprice and a lifelong passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
O, I die, Horatio.
We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
As he spoke there was in his heart that tremulousness that we take for sincerity in ourselves.
I say it just Begins to live That day.
It has often and confidently been asserted, that man’s origin can never be known: but ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
To think with pleasure of his niece’s husband having a large ecclesiastical income was one thing—to make a Liberal speech was another thing; and it is a narrow mind which can not look at a subject from various points of view.
Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
Who dares think one thing, and another tell, My heart detests him as the gates of hell.
You had made me understand what love really is.
It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he’s handsome, Nelly, but because he’s more myself than I am.
You will see great sorrow, and in that sorrow you will be happy.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies’brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair; He that is strucken blind can not forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
Who could refrain, That had a heart to love, and in that heart Courage to make’s love known?
There are people, who the more you do for them, the less they will do for themselves.
It's the funniest joke in the world.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
I said his heaven would be only half alive; and he said mine would be drunk: I said I should fall asleep in his; and he said he could not breathe in mine, and began to grow very snappish.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
It is so much more real than life.
Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.
A celebrated tenor had sung in Italian, and a notorious contralto had sung in jazz, and between the numbers people were doing stunts all over the garden, while happy, vacuous bursts of laughter rose toward the summer sky.
I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
It is difficult for a woman to define her feelings in language which is chiefly made by men to express theirs.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
I hope you have not been leading a double life, pretending to be wicked and being really good all the time.
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
I am tired.
At least I know who I was when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
Come gentle night, come loving black-brow’d night, Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night, And pay no worship to the garish sun.
If Nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that warm things, kind things, sweet things help and comfort and laughter and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
I only hope we have done what is best.
I certainly have not the talent which some people possess, said Darcy, of conversing easily with those I have never seen before.
All at once, as with a sudden smile of heaven, forth burst the sunshine, pouring a very flood into the obscure forest, gladdening each green leaf, transmuting the yellow fallen ones to gold, and gleaming adown the gray trunks of the solemn trees.
I make Beauty, therefore—using the word as inclusive of the sublime—I make Beauty the province of the poem, simply because it is an obvious rule of Art that effects should be made to spring as directly as possible from their causes: —no one as yet having been weak enough to deny that the peculiar elevation in question is at least _most readily _attainable in the poem.
Which do you mean? and turning round, he looked for a moment at Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said, She is tolerable; but not handsome enough to tempt _me_; and I am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men.
She strained every effort of her mind to say what ought to be said.
What would become of it if the poor folk ceased making beasts of themselves with drink? Upon my word, I would think that finances and all the rest of it are an invention of the devil; only that a belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago.
No one who can read, ever looks at a book, even unopened on a shelf, like one who can not.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
Charles in snow and rain trotted across country.
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
At the age of eleven or thereabouts women acquire a poise and an ability to handle difficult situations which a man, if he is lucky, manages to achieve somewhere in the later seventies.
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined for life—to strengthen each other in all labour, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
Elizabeth had been lately forming an intimacy, which she wished to see interrupted.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward. There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
I am all in a sea of wonders.
BEN WEATHERSTAFF One of the strange things about living in the world is that it is only now and then one is quite sure one is going to live forever and ever and ever. One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare.
My child, the troubles and temptations of your life are beginning and may be many, but you can overcome and outlive them all if you learn to feel the strength and tenderness of your Heavenly Father as you do that of your earthly one.
I’m restless as the devil and have a horror of getting fat or falling in love and growing domestic.
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Who’s the man that says that we’re all islands shouting lies to each other across seas of misunderstanding? He’s right, whoever he is, —except about the misunderstanding.
In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagvat Geeta, since whose composition years of the gods have elapsed, and in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial; and I doubt if that philosophy is not to be referred to a previous state of existence, so remote is its sublimity from our conceptions.
Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus, and we petty men Walk under his huge legs, and peep about To find ourselves dishonourable graves. Men at some time are masters of their fates: The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, But in ourselves, that we are underlings.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
All have been, or at least all have believed themselves to be, in danger from the pursuit of someone whom they wished to avoid; and all have been anxious for the attentions of someone whom they wished to please.
I will spend truth, —all my wealth on thee, —and the Friend responds silently through his nature and life, and treats his Friend with the same divine courtesy.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Suddenly Nastasia put her head in to say something in her rich Italian.
All men want, not something to _do with_, but something to _do_, or rather something to _be_.
If men could see us as we really are, they would be a little amazed; but the cleverest, the acutest men are often under an illusion about women.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
You are a story I am a story.
I’m afraid I shall do something dreadful some day, and spoil my life, and make everybody hate me.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
You gave too much rein to your imagination.
At eighteen our convictions are hills from which we look; at forty-five they are caves in which we hide.
Let the dead bury their dead, but while one has life one must live and be happy! thought he.
He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears.
There is that double possibility.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
It is the only way to eat them.
In England people have had two eyes for more than two hundred years; the French are starting to open one eye; but sometimes there are men in power who do not want the people to have even this one eye open.
To gallop intemperately; fall on the sand tired out; to feel the earth spin; to have positively a rush of friendship for stones and grasses, as if humanity were over, and as for men and women, let them go hang there is no getting over the fact that this desire seizes us pretty often.
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.
A new world, material without being real, where poor ghosts, breathing dreams like air, drifted fortuitously about … like that ashen, fantastic figure gliding toward him through the amorphous trees.
Beauty to her, as to all who have felt, lay not in the thing, but in what the thing symbolized.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody’s expense but his own.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
Nothing is too small.
No, no, they do but jest, poison in jest; no offence i’th’world.
The cruellest lies are often told in silence.
She was dazzling alight; it was agony to comprehend her beauty in a glance.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.
We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves.
I hate such things, and though I think I’ve a right to be hurt, I don’t intend to show it.
It is of the great facts of the world, like sunlight, or spring-time, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon.
Men will not be nice to you if you are not good-looking, and women will not be nice to you if you are.
Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered Listen, a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
Better be without sense, than misapply it as you do.
The last hours were certainly very painful, replied Anne; but when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
Give me your hands, if we be friends, And Robin shall restore amends.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
I see you everywhere, in the stars, in the river; to me you’re everything that exists; the reality of everything.
But I’m married, and believe me, in getting to know thoroughly one’s wife, if one loves her, as someone has said, one gets to know all women better than if one knew thousands of them.
It is so shallow of them.
No one person in the world is necessary to you or to me.
I remember having read somewhere, in some strange book, that when the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
Till this moment I never knew myself.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague.
I do not want to kill and dissect myself any longer, to find a secret behind the ruins.
Listlessly Anthony dropped into a chair, his mind tired tired with nothing, tired with everything, with the world's weight he had never chosen to bear.
I have no thought, no view, no hope in life, beyond her; and if you oppose me in this great stake, you take my peace and happiness in your hands, and cast them to the wind.
'3 Jeeves and the Unbidden Guest I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare or, if not, it's some equally brainy bird who says that it's always just when a fellow is feeling particularly braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with the bit of lead piping.
And I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world.
Whether he sleeps or wakes, whether he runs or walks, whether he uses a microscope or a telescope, or his naked eye, a man never discovers anything, never overtakes anything, or leaves anything behind, but himself.
Never tell all you know not even to the person you know best.
It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream—making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams.
But smiles and tears are so alike with me, they are neither of them confined to any particular feelings: I often cry when I am happy, and smile when I am sad.
I always find it more difficult to say the things I mean than the things I don't.
Have regular hours for work and play, make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well.
If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, the possibility of life is destroyed.
The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves.
Oh, it’s always the same, she sighed, if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it.
Ay me, sad hours seem long.
I am only resolved to act in that manner, which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without reference to _you_, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me.
I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
She sat down to think, and the outcome of her thoughts was that the memory of a dead child was worth considerably less than the affections of a living husband.
said Candide, it is the madness of maintaining that everything is right when it is wrong.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
The country is full of this superstition, so that when one enters a village, the church, not only really but from association, is the ugliest looking building in it, because it is the one in which human nature stoops the lowest and is most disgraced.
A man does not recover from such a devotion of the heart to such a woman.
Aside So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
If ever I get married, I’ll certainly try to forget the fact.
I have always had more dread of a pen, a bottle of ink, and a sheet of paper, than of a sword or pistol.
His count of enchanted objects had diminished by one.
There are chords in the hearts of the most reckless which can not be touched without emotion.
Men can be analysed, women.
You know nothing about sickness, and think your case a great deal more desperate than it is.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
I can't tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in a bit.
In the midst of this chopping sea of civilized life, such are the clouds and storms and quicksands and thousand-and-one items to be allowed for, that a man has to live, if he would not founder and go to the bottom and not make his port at all, by dead reckoning, and he must be a great calculator indeed who succeeds.
But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be observed in them for ever.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
Sixteen hours of the day must be occupied in some way, since they were living abroad in complete freedom, outside the conditions of social life which filled up time in Petersburg.
People go on marrying because they can’t resist natural forces, although many of them may know perfectly well that they are possibly buying a month’s pleasure with a life’s discomfort.
O Miss Manette, when the little picture of a happy father’s face looks up in yours, when you see your own bright beauty springing up anew at your feet, think now and then that there is a man who would give his life, to keep a life you love beside you!
Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness.
Margaret, you could save this woman.
Oak had nothing finished and ready to say as yet, and not being able to frame love phrases which end where they begin; passionate tales— —Full of sound and fury, —Signifying nothing— he said no word at all.
It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Often the body is warmed, but the imagination is torpid; the body is fat, but the imagination is lean and shrunk.
Stung to madness, he vainly hoped, as many another has done, to fling the whole thing from his heart by one desperate effort. Too proud to supplicate or seek explanation, he threw himself at once into a whirl of fashionable society, and in a fortnight from the time of the fatal letter was the accepted lover of the reigning belle of the season; and as soon as arrangements could be made, he became the husband of a fine figure, a pair of bright dark eyes, and a hundred thousand dollars; and, of course, everybody thought him a happy fellow.
I am satisfied.
WHITE QUEEN It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
It is pure unadulterated country life.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
I try all things; I achieve what I can.
It seemed that the only lover she had ever wanted was a lover in a dream.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
For the most wild, yet most homely narrative which I am about to pen, I neither expect nor solicit belief.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
He had the appearance of one who has searched for the leak in life's gas-pipe with a lighted candle; of one whom the clenched fist of Fate has smitten beneath the temperamental third waistcoat-button.
Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
In matters of grave importance, style, not sincerity is the vital thing.
He might be only passing through.
Then we are on very unequal terms, for I understand you perfectly well.
So damned hard, so damned hard, he repeated aimlessly; it just hurts people and hurts people, until finally it hurts them so that they can't be hurt ever any more.
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free.
Her final summer was it, And yet we guessed it not; If tenderer industriousness Pervaded her, we thought A further force of life Developed from within, When Death lit all the shortness up, And made the hurry plain.
Don’t try to make me grow up before my time, Meg.
I must be cruel, only to be kind: Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
At present I am going in my mind from point to point as a mad man, and not a sane one, follows an idea.
The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
I'm not sure what I'll do, but well, I want to go places and see people.
Because he only wishes what is for your own good.
I AM BORN Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
But pride—where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
Is this absolutely where you live, my dearest one? The exhilarating ripple of her voice was a wild tonic in the rain.
It is ever so much easier to be good if your clothes are fashionable.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.
I beat and pound for the dead, I blow through my embouchures my loudest and gayest for them.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside, and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, Oh, nothing! Pride helps us; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our own hurts—not to hurt others.
The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself—that comes too late—a crop of unextinguishable regrets.
Prefer not to, echoed I, rising in high excitement, and crossing the room with a stride.
He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.
Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered Listen, a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
We're like patterns stencilled on a wall.
If there is one person I dislike, it is the man who tries to air his grievances when I wish to air mine.
I am your husband, and I love you.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove: A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth.
It made her think that it was curious how much nicer a person looked when he smiled.
HENRY JAMES THE PORTRAIT OF A LADY CHAPTER I Under certain circumstances there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
I know no weariness of my Edward’s society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do of the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together.
O, he is mad, Laertes.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
But how little of permanent happiness could belong to a couple who were only brought together because their passions were stronger than their virtue, she could easily conjecture.
Love, whether newly born, or aroused from a death-like slumber, must always create a sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, that it overflows upon the outward world.
I love to hear her speak, yet well I know That music hath a far more pleasing sound: I grant I never saw a goddess go, My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground: And yet by heaven, I think my love as rare, As any she belied with false compare.
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
Something magical has happened to me, like a dream, when you’re frightened, panic-stricken, and all of a sudden you wake up and all the horrors are no more.
Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags.
Incessant torture of remorse.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
No man is offended by another man’s admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.
I never change, except in my affections.
Love, she thought, must come suddenly, with great outbursts and lightnings a hurricane of the skies, which falls upon life, revolutionises it, roots up the will like a leaf, and sweeps the whole heart into the abyss.
I fancy that this ally breaks fresh ground in the annals of crime in this country, —though parallel cases suggest themselves from India, and, if my memory serves me, from Senegambia.
It was parting with somebody of the nature of a friend; and though, in one light, glad to have him gone, it seemed as if she was now deserted by everybody; it was a sort of renewed separation from Mansfield; and she could not think of his returning to town, and being frequently with Mary and Edmund, without feelings so near akin to envy as made her hate herself for having them.
My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today.
I never see one sit a horse better.
Some people imagine that there can be no accommodations, no space in a cottage; but this is all a mistake.
Life seems to go on without effort, when I am filled with music.
Only people who can’t get into it do that.
Sadly, sadly, the sun rose; it rose upon no sadder sight than the man of good abilities and good emotions, incapable of their directed exercise, incapable of his own help and his own happiness, sensible of the blight on him, and resigning himself to let it eat him away.
I wish to goodness we had a few fools left.
I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
Men of sense, whatever you may chuse to say, do not want silly wives.
I guess it worked everyone says they sold a whole butt-load of games.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
After a while they played at forfeits; for it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child himself.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
No evil dooms us hopelessly except the evil we love, and desire to continue in, and make no effort to escape from.
Blinking away the brightness of the street outside, my eyes picked him out obscurely in the anteroom, talking to another man.
Her pleasure in the walk must arise from the exercise and the day, from the view of the last smiles of the year upon the tawny leaves, and withered hedges, and from repeating to herself some few of the thousand poetical descriptions extant of autumn, that season of peculiar and inexhaustible influence on the mind of taste and tenderness, that season which had drawn from every poet, worthy of being read, some attempt at description, or some lines of feeling.
The only man who behaved sensibly was my tailor: he took my measure anew every time he saw me, whilst all the rest went on with their old measurements and expected them to fit me.
Thus with a kiss I die.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
I find that, ultimately, there are only two kinds of women, the plain and the coloured.
There is complete ignominy in an unreplenished, mechanised life.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
But position and wealth are not everything.
I keep turning over new leaves, and spoiling them, as I used to spoil my copybooks, and I make so many beginnings there never will be an end, he said dolefully.
All men want, not something to _do with_, but something to _do_, or rather something to _be_.
We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
I like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness—and I dread responsibility.
Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, said Emmanuel, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.
All you read a novel for is to see what sort of person the writer is, and, if you know him, which of his friends he’s put in.
He felt all the torture of his own and her position, all the difficulty there was for them, conspicuous as they were in the eye of all the world, in concealing their love, in lying and deceiving; and in lying, deceiving, feigning, and continually thinking of others, when the passion that united them was so intense that they were both oblivious of everything else but their love.
_Exit Demetrius._ I’ll follow thee, and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so well.
I shall do one thing in this life—one thing certain—that is, love you, and long for you, and _keep wanting you_ till I die.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love. Everything is, everything exists, only because I love.
He is some brainless beautiful creature who should be always here in winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer when we want something to chill our intelligence.
I had never spoken to her, except for a few casual words, and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
Come and look.
When a thing is funny, search it for a hidden truth.
It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he’s handsome, Nelly, but because he’s more myself than I am.
Some people seemed to get all sunshine, and some all shadow.
One sort takes human nature as it finds it, uses its timidity, its weakness, and its strength for its own ends.
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul, And sings the tune without the words, And never stops at all, And sweetest in the gale is heard; And sore must be the storm That could abash the little bird That kept so many warm.
Man is many things, but he is not rational.
We are so decayed, so out of date, so feeble, so wicked in our own despite, that we have come at last to will our own destruction.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t! _Pros._’Tis new to thee.
What special affinities appeared to him to exist between the moon and woman? Her antiquity in preceding and surviving successive tellurian generations: her nocturnal predominance: her satellitic dependence: her luminary reflection: her constancy under all her phases, rising and setting by her appointed times, waxing and waning: the forced invariability of her aspect: her indeterminate response to inaffirmative interrogation: her potency over effluent and refluent waters: her power to enamour, to mortify, to invest with beauty, to render insane, to incite to and aid delinquency: the tranquil inscrutability of her visage: the terribility of her isolated dominant implacable resplendent propinquity: her omens of tempest and of calm: the stimulation of her light, her motion and her presence: the admonition of her craters, her arid seas, her silence: her splendour, when visible: her attraction, when invisible.
And the tragic part is her face was on a sudden distraught with pain the tragic part is that notwithstanding I love you with all my heart.
N/A
There lies that Tybalt.
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
I mean to be too rich to lament or to feel anything of the sort.
There was too much to be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to any other objects.
And this is maternity—to give one’s best years and best love to ensure the fate of being despised! You are too unyielding.
Well, we must make the best of it, I suppose.
But it is of small importance.
You are the gull, Jo, strong and wild, fond of the storm and the wind, flying far out to sea, and happy all alone.
Now they were as strangers; nay, worse than strangers, for they could never become acquainted.
Shakespeare is the happy huntingground of all minds that have lost their balance.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
I loved you because you were marvellous, because you had genius and intellect, because you realized the dreams of great poets and gave shape and substance to the shadows of art.
BOOK III Song of Myself 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
But he says the biography of every woman begins with the first kiss that counts, and ends when her last child is laid in her arms.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
I always thought they were very unfit to have the charge of her; but I was overruled, as I always am.
Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
I know no weariness of my Edward’s society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do of the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together.
Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
It is all the same Way and it leads nowhither.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
I am like a hungry man who has been given food.
It was one of the queer things of life that you saw a person every day for months and were so intimate with him that you could not imagine existence without him; then separation came, and everything went on in the same way, and the companion who had seemed essential proved unnecessary.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
Fortune I do not want; employment I do not want; consequence I do not want: I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their husband’s house as I am of Hartfield; and never, never could I expect to be so truly beloved and important; so always first and always right in any man’s eyes as I am in my father’s.
I saw the inconceivable mystery of a soul that knew no restraint, no faith, and no fear, yet struggling blindly with itself.
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
Till this moment I never knew myself.
At the same time, though, he asked himself, this time looking at it from his own point of view, what reason he could have to do so.
He watched it with that strange interest in trivial things that we try to develop when things of high import make us afraid, or when we are stirred by some new emotion for which we can not find expression, or when some thought that terrifies us lays sudden siege to the brain and calls on us to yield.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots.
Perhaps there is a language which is not made of words and everything in the world understands it. Perhaps there is a soul hidden in everything and it can always speak, without even making a sound, to another soul.
Nor is there anything more remarkable in Socrates than that, old as he was, he found time to make himself taught dancing and playing upon instruments, and thought it time well spent.
Every woman is a rebel, and usually in wild revolt against herself.
I’ll bet you anything you like that half an hour after they have met, they will be calling each other sister.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
So full of artless jealousy is guilt, It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.
She was only extemporizing, but a stirring warmth flowed from her, as if her heart was trying to come out to you concealed in one of those breathless, thrilling words.
‘I am the Cat who walks by himself, and all places are alike to me.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
I did not exactly flirt with you; but that inborn craving which undermines some women’s morals almost more than unbridled passion—the craving to attract and captivate, regardless of the injury it may do the man—was in me; and when I found I had caught you, I was frightened.
The same day the earth sustained a most violent concussion.
I saw the inconceivable mystery of a soul that knew no restraint, no faith, and no fear, yet struggling blindly with itself.
Her reputation of reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic; it was supposed to engender difficult questions and to keep the conversation at a low temperature.
Never came poison from so sweet a place.
Why such is love’s transgression.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
The only people I would care to be with now are artists and people who have suffered: those who know what beauty is, and those who know what sorrow is: nobody else interests me.
So we'll just let things take their course and never be sorry.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
We shall not think of that, but go on our way to the end.
none, unless this miracle have might, That in black ink my love may still shine bright.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Old father, old artificer, stand me now and ever in good stead.
Clearly they reflected the thoughts which possessed him, but whether the music aided those thoughts, or whether the playing was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine.
It is too difficult to think nobly when we think for a livelihood.
I can not deny it.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
I am afraid our eyes are bigger than our bellies, and that we have more curiosity than capacity; for we grasp at all, but catch nothing but wind.
She was assisted, however, by that perfect indifference and apparent unconsciousness, among the only three of her own friends in the secret of the past, which seemed almost to deny any recollection of it.
She was willing to do everything in the world for me except the one thing I wanted: to leave me alone.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
You’re a slave, a bound helpless slave to one thing in the world, your imagination.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
And then I looked at the stars, and considered how awful it would be for a man to turn his face up to them as he froze to death, and see no help or pity in all the glittering multitude.
He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God.
You are a lover, borrow Cupid’s wings, And soar with them above a common bound.
Angel’s original intention had not been emigration to Brazil but a northern or eastern farm in his own country.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
I always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.
Beware the Ides of March.
Iâm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visualâwe can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see.
Most men and women are forced to perform parts for which they have no qualifications.
Now you are free and can do what you like.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
Once in a while I go off on a spree and make a fool of myself, but I always come back, and in my heart I love her all the time.
A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman’s love, however badly he may have treated her.
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
Wherefore let us exhort all men to piety, that we may obtain the goods of which love is the author, and be reconciled to God, and find our own true loves, which rarely happens in this world.
How good and thoughtful he is; the world seems full of good men even if there _are_ monsters in it.
It is one of the defects of my character that I can not altogether dislike anyone who makes me laugh.
There's more of gravy than of grave about you, whatever you are! Scrooge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes, nor did he feel, in his heart, by any means waggish then.
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores, the foreign faces, the changing immensity of life, glide past, veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself, which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny.
And it is to be noted that it is the fact that Art is this intense form of Individualism that makes the public try to exercise over it in an authority that is as immoral as it is ridiculous, and as corrupting as it is contemptible.
My elder brother won’t die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else.
All our arguing with him would not avail; let him be, I say: and Heaven have mercy on us all—Presbyterians and Pagans alike—for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending.
I mean from henceforth to lead a life of extreme seclusion; you must not be surprised, nor must you doubt my friendship, if my door is often shut even to you.
And thus I clothe my naked villainy With odd old endsstol'n forth of holy writ, And seem a saint when most I play the devil.
To Prometheus the fetters of the lord and enemy of mankind were bitter; upon Orestes the hand of heaven was laid too heavily to bear; yet in the not utterly infinite or everlasting distance we see beyond them the promise of the morning on which mystery and justice shall be made one; when righteousness and omnipotence at last shall kiss each other.
Isabel has a great deal of imagination.
It is of the great facts of the world, like sunlight, or spring-time, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon.
It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream—making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams.
Ay sir, to be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
If the fact will not fit the theory—let the theory go.
So we drove on toward death through the cooling twilight.
Visitors I think that I love society as much as most, and am ready enough to fasten myself like a bloodsucker for the time to any full-blooded man that comes in my way.
Strength and beauty must go together.
All these things I knew.
Any simple soul can delude himself with mental garbage.
The whole series of my life appeared to me as a dream; I sometimes doubted if indeed it were all true, for it never presented itself to my mind with the force of reality.
If the mind be but well cultivated, and the heart well disposed, no one ever cares for the exterior.
Her reputation of reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic; it was supposed to engender difficult questions and to keep the conversation at a low temperature.
Look at that, she whispered, and then after a moment: I’d like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around.
And there you see the distinction between our feelings: had he been in my place, and I in his, though I hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall, I never would have raised a hand against him.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings; The sun for sorrow will not show his head.
He enters into a labyrinth, he multiplies a thousandfold the dangers which life in itself already brings with it; not the least of which is that no one can see how and where he loses his way, becomes isolated, and is torn piecemeal by some minotaur of conscience.
It is the uncertainty that charms one.
For a while these reveries provided an outlet for his imagination; they were a satisfactory hint of the unreality of reality, a promise that the rock of the world was founded securely on a fairy’s wing.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
To all the world he was the man of violence, half animal and half demon; but to her he always remained the little wilful boy of her own girlhood, the child who had clung to her hand.
Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading: he did not know that thus he was providing himself with a refuge from all the distress of life; he did not know either that he was creating for himself an unreal world which would make the real world of every day a source of bitter disappointment.
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.
My original soul seemed, at once, to take its flight from my body and a more than fiendish malevolence, gin-nurtured, thrilled every fibre of my frame.
All other things, our powers our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance.
There are bad people in it, Mr Richard, but if there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
If she tears your heart to pieces, —and as it gets older and stronger it will tear deeper, —love her, love her, love her! Never had I seen such passionate eagerness as was joined to her utterance of these words.
We will repeat yesterday’s lesson.
You can see to what intensity of individualism I have arrived or am arriving rather, for the journey is long, and'where I walk there are thorns.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Towards thee I roll, thou all-destroying but unconquering whale; to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee; for hate’s sake I spit my last breath at thee.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject.
I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity in strait-waistcoats.
Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
True, he had bid me make my own experiments—tease and try him.
But he was too good to be thoroughly unhappy long.
Perhaps it is this sense of strangeness that sends men far and wide in the search for something permanent, to which they may attach themselves.
Mother says as th’two worst things as can happen to a child is never to have his own way—or always to have it.
It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life.
I believe he is of mine; —I am sure he is—I feel akin to him—I understand the language of his countenance and movements: though rank and wealth sever us widely, I have something in my brain and heart, in my blood and nerves, that assimilates me mentally to him.
Instead of chopping yourself down to fit the world, chop the world down to fit yourself.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
Believe that life _is_ worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth—yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams.
I have only twenty acres, replied the old man; I and my children cultivate them; our labour preserves us from three great evils weariness, vice, and want.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
She had no tolerance for scenes which were not of her own making, and it was odious to her that her husband should make a show of himself before the servants.
Why should we build our happiness on the opinions of others, when we can find it in our own hearts? Let us leave to others the task of instructing mankind in their duty, and confine ourselves to the discharge of our own.
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
No one but a woman can help a man when he is in trouble of the heart; and he had no one to comfort him.
Love is the most selfish of all the passions.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
There were passions in him that would find their terrible outlet, dreams that would make the shadow of their evil real.
Much more surprising things can happen to anyone who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward. There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
Chapter 13 There are no conditions to which a man can not become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies—which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world—what I want to forget.
I’m not to be imposed upon by fine words; I can see what actions mean.
The quality of mercy is not strained: it droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath: it is twice bless'd; It blesses him that gives, and him that takes:'T is mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown: His scepter shows the force of temporal power, The attribute to awe and majesty, Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings; But mercy is above this sceptered sway; It is enthroned in the hearts of kings; It is an attribute to God himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's, When mercy seasons justice.
They just want the fun of eating it all over again.
I have to be won all over again every time you see me.
Hence the saying: One may _know_ how to conquer without being able to _do_ it.
In the little world in which children have their existence whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.
But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called—called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come.
The unexpected has happened so continually in my life that it has ceased to deserve the name.
Man, I cried, how ignorant art thou in thy pride of wisdom! Cease; you know not what it is you say.
She was a vixen when she went to school, And though she be but little, she is fierce.
I have always been of opinion that a man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing.
Still, we have the illusion of freedom; therefore don’t, like me to-day, be without the memory of that illusion.
one’s duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
But love is blind, and lovers can not see The pretty follies that themselves commit.
If ever there were love in the world, I love her.
She could no longer borrow from the future to help her through the present grief.
One of these masters, Thayumanavar, has left us the following challenging poem: You can control a mad elephant; You can shut the mouth of the bear and the tiger; You can ride a lion; You can play with the cobra; By alchemy you can eke out your livelihood; You can wander through the universe incognito; You can make vassals of the gods; You can be ever youthful; You can walk on water and live in fire; But control of the mind is better and more difficult.
Whence, I often asked myself, did the principle of life proceed? It was a bold question, and one which has ever been considered as a mystery; yet with how many things are we upon the brink of becoming acquainted, if cowardice or carelessness did not restrain our inquiries.
Long enough have you dream’d contemptible dreams, Now I wash the gum from your eyes, You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
Love is fragile she was thinking but perhaps the pieces are saved, the things that hovered on lips, that might have been said.
No one ever does, except vegetarians and people like that.
Not knowing how he lost himself, or how he recovered himself, he may never feel certain of not losing himself again.
I fancy that the true explanation is this: It often happens that the real tragedies of life occur in such an inartistic manner that they hurt us by their crude violence, their absolute incoherence, their absurd want of meaning, their entire lack of style.
To create souls in men, to create fine happiness and fine despair she must remain deeply proud proud to be inviolate, proud also to be melting, to be passionate and possessed.
She’ll close, and be herself; whilst our poor malice Remains in danger of her former tooth.
Every day of that voyage I loved her more, and many a time since have I kneeled down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the deck of that ship because I knew her dear feet had trod it.
The morning, which is the most memorable season of the day, is the awakening hour.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
We may brave human laws, but we can not resist natural ones.
The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones; So let it be with Caesar.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
The soul, fortunately, has an interpreter—often an unconscious, but still a truthful interpreter—in the eye.
Every few weeks she would shut herself up in her room, put on her scribbling suit, and‘fall into a vortex’, as she expressed it, writing away at her novel with all her heart and soul, for till that was finished she could find no peace.
It is difficult to be understood, especially when one thinks and lives gangasrotogati Footnote: Like the river Ganges: presto.
Mistress Mary always felt that however many years she lived she should never forget that first morning when her garden began to grow.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
Majesty: when a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
She was that unity sought for by philosophers through many centuries.
An evil soul, producing holy witness, Is like a villain with a smiling cheek; A goodly apple rotten at the heart; O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath! Merchant of Venice I.
There are only two kinds of people who are really fascinating—people who know absolutely everything, and people who know absolutely nothing.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
For love is a flower that grows in any soil, works its sweet miracles undaunted by autumn frost or winter snow, blooming fair and fragrant all the year, and blessing those who give and those who receive.
May you always see a blue sky overhead, my young friend; and then, even when the time comes, which is coming now for me, when the woods are all black, when night is fast falling, you will be able to console yourself, as I am doing, by looking up to the sky.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man can not be true—not true, or undeveloped.
Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not to be believed.
She will make quite an angel of him, and he will make life delightfully easy and pleasant for the dear, if they only love each other.
When the doctor came in she flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with tears.
Victory depends on you.
Why that chapter should be singled out, however, is not clear.
_Aside._ Come what come may, Time and the hour runs through the roughest day.
He is fundamentally unsound.
It was brilliant moonlight, and the soft effect of the light over the sea and sky merged together in one great, silent mystery was beautiful beyond words.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
No more for him life’s stormy conflicts, Nor victory, nor defeat no more time’s dark events, Charging like ceaseless clouds across the sky.
Life did not stand still and it was necessary to live.
Like most quiet folks he liked talkative people when they were willing to do the talking themselves and did not expect him to keep up his end of it.
It may therefore be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion, but when I see a fellow creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character.
As for Mr. Arrow, I believe him thoroughly honest; some of the men are the same; all may be for what I know.
All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions.
The leaves are all dead on the ground, Save those that the oak is keeping To ravel them one by one And let them go scraping and creeping Out over the crusted snow, When others are sleeping.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
She was only extemporizing, but a stirring warmth flowed from her, as if her heart was trying to come out to you concealed in one of those breathless, thrilling words.
All novels are, or should be, written for both men and women to read, and I am at a loss to conceive how a man should permit himself to write anything that would be really disgraceful to a woman, or why a woman should be censured for writing anything that would be proper and becoming for a man.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas.
Even his dreams now were faint violins drifting like summer sounds upon the summer air.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
There is nothing to opinions, they may be beautiful or ugly, smart or foolish, everyone can support them or discard them.
With no appraisal of the worth or dross of these two things, it seemed to Anthony that they lay somewhere near the heart of love.
I see at intervals the glance of a curious sort of bird through the close-set bars of a cage: a vivid, restless, resolute captive is there; were it but free, it would soar cloud-high.
Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased.
Come, thick night, And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell That my keen knife see not the wound it makes, Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark To cry, Hold, hold!
The summer’s flower is to the summer sweet, Though to itself, it only live and die, But if that flower with base infection meet, The basest weed outbraves his dignity: For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds; Lilies that fester, smell far worse than weeds.
The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing can not be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already, without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him.
God is the same everywhere.
We walked to meet each other up to the time of our love, and then we have been irresistibly drifting in different directions.
But man’s capacities have never been measured; nor are we to judge of what he can do by any precedents, so little has been tried.
Which dreams, indeed, are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
I mean from henceforth to lead a life of extreme seclusion; you must not be surprised, nor must you doubt my friendship, if my door is often shut even to you.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
How natural and easy it is for man to secure the attention of woman to what interests himself.
We feel, conceive, or reason; laugh or weep, Embrace fond woe, or cast our cares away; It is the same: for, be it joy or sorrow, The path of its departure still is free.
Therefore, thought I, what God says is best, indeed is best, though all the men in the world are against it.
I did not exactly flirt with you; but that inborn craving which undermines some women’s morals almost more than unbridled passion—the craving to attract and captivate, regardless of the injury it may do the man—was in me; and when I found I had caught you, I was frightened.
No tear dropped over that pillow; in such straits as these, the heart has no tears to give, —it drops only blood, bleeding itself away in silence.
Placed on this isthmus of a middle state, A being darkly wise, and rudely great: With too much knowledge for the sceptic side, With too much weakness for the stoic's pride, He hangs between; in doubt to act, or rest; In doubt to deem himself a god, or beast; In doubt his mind or body to prefer; Born but to die, and reasoning but to err; Alike in ignorance, his reason such, Whether he thinks too little, or too much: Chaos of thought and passion, all confused; Still by himself abused, or disabused; Created half to rise, and half to fall; Great lord of all things, yet a prey to all; Sole judge of truth, in endless error hurled: The glory, jest, and riddle of the world! Go, wondrous creature! mount where science guides, Go, measure earth, weigh air, and state the tides; Instruct the planets in what orbs to run, Correct old time, and regulate the sun; Go, soar with Plato to th'empyreal sphere, To the first good, first perfect, and first fair; Or tread the mazy round his followers trod, And quitting sense call imitating God; As Eastern priests in giddy circles run, And turn their heads to imitate the sun.
Hence the saying: If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.
We are yet but young in deed.
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
395 _ARIEL sings._ Full fathom five thy father lies; Of his bones are coral made; Those are pearls that were his eyes: Nothing of him that doth fade, But doth suffer a sea-change 400 Into something rich and strange.
Any one answers too well for me, if he answers what I say: when the dispute is irregular and disordered, I leave the thing itself, and insist upon the form with anger and indiscretion; falling into wilful, malicious, and imperious way of disputation, of which I am afterwards ashamed.
Moments of their secret life together burst like stars upon his memory.
Sometimes I shrink from your knowing what I have felt for you, and sometimes I am distressed that all of it you never will know.
His habit of reading isolated him: it became such a need that after being in company for some time he grew tired and restless; he was vain of the wider knowledge he had acquired from the perusal of so many books, his mind was alert, and he had not the skill to hide his contempt for his companions’stupidity.
Now I will believe That there are unicorns; that in Arabia There is one tree, the phœnix’throne; one phœnix At this hour reigning there.
My time is nearly gone.
CHAPTER IX As we grow older and realize more clearly the limitations of human happiness, we come to see that the only real and abiding pleasure in life is to give pleasure to other people.
It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things.
But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.
Somehow, something always happens, she cried, just before things get to the very worst.
I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home.
I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
There are some upon this earth of yours, returned the Spirit, who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name, who are as strange to us and all our kith and kin, as if they had never lived.
None in the world, Watson.
I don't know how to be silent when my heart is speaking.
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make _their_ eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
She was indispensable to high generation, hated at tea parties, feared in shops, and loved at crises.
Sometimes since I’ve been in the garden I’ve looked up through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being happy as if something were pushing and drawing in my chest and making me breathe fast.
That is rather difficult, but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty.
It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; —not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.
Love is anterior to life, Posterior to death, Initial of creation, and The exponent of breath.
It is true, we shall be monsters, cut off from all the world; but on that account we shall be more attached to one another.
Let your remembrance apply to Banquo; Present him eminence, both with eye and tongue: Unsafe the while, that we Must lave our honours in these flattering streams, And make our faces vizards to our hearts, Disguising what they are.
Let men tremble to win the hand of woman, unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart! Else it may be their miserable fortune, as it was Roger Chillingworth’s, when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities, to be reproached even for the calm content, the marble image of happiness, which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality.
That is the sole consideration which can make me endure the whelp: I despise him for himself, and hate him for the memories he revives! But that consideration is sufficient: he’s as safe with me, and shall be tended as carefully as your master tends his own.
Coming afoul of that old man has a sort of turned me wrong side out.
I have no thought, no view, no hope in life, beyond her; and if you oppose me in this great stake, you take my peace and happiness in your hands, and cast them to the wind.
I’m not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
All great and beautiful things can not be a common possession: _pulchrum est paucorum hominum._ What is it that brings about the decline of German culture? The fact that higher education is no longer a special privilege the democracy of a process of cultivation that has become general, _common._ Nor must it be forgotten that the privileges of the military profession by urging many too many to attend the higher schools, involve the downfall of the latter.
The purity men love is like the mists which envelop the earth, and not like the azure ether beyond.
There is a soul in each one of us.
I want to get you away from that man.
All the same, I shouldn’t have expected a young girl like you to see it so just yet.
Was it the infinite sadness of her eyes that drew him or the mirror of himself that he found in the gorgeous clarity of her mind? She will have no other adventure like Amory, and if she reads this she will say: And Amory will have no other adventure like me.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
My departure was therefore fixed at an early date, but before the day resolved upon could arrive, the first misfortune of my life occurred—an omen, as it were, of my future misery.
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
N/A
The oldest hath borne most: we that are young Shall never see so much, nor live so long.
It’s mean and selfish of me, and whenever I think of it it worries me.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to her, if she is pretty, and to some one else, if she is plain.
I only loved you all the more, and I worked hard to please you, and I gave up billiards and everything you didn’t like, and waited and never complained, for I hoped you’d love me, though I’m not half good enough.
She seemed like one whom magic had changed into the likeness of a strange and beautiful seabird.
You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first men in the South, and that there may be many who will not sleep easy at night until it is recovered.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; The Wu State was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying.
Even extreme grief may ultimately vent itself in violence—but more generally takes the form of apathy.
People live through such pain only once; pain comes again, but it finds a tougher surface.
And a sentimentalist, my dear Darlington, is a man who sees an absurd value in everything, and doesn’t know the market price of any single thing.
And we can not be wrong in saying, first, that nothing can be greater or less while remaining equal; secondly, that there can be no becoming greater or less without addition or subtraction; thirdly, that what is and was not, can not be without having become.
The fourth member of the party, however, was too excited to be genuinely happy.
Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence—whether much that is glorious—whether all that is profound—does not spring from disease of thought—from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Your present life is not less holy, in very truth, than it seems in people’s eyes.
My young remembrance can not parallel A fellow to it.
I used to think what a delight it would be for one who loved him better than he loved himself, to gather and store up those handfuls of gold-dust, so recklessly flung to heaven’s reckless winds.
Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me among the rest.
Oh, you’re sure to do that, said the Cat, if you only walk long enough.
He says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
As they stepped on to the door-stones, and halted to take a last look at the moon—or, more correctly, at each other by her light—I felt irresistibly impelled to escape them again; and, pressing a remembrance into the hand of Mrs. Dean, and disregarding her expostulations at my rudeness, I vanished through the kitchen as they opened the house-door; and so should have confirmed Joseph in his opinion of his fellow-servant’s gay indiscretions, had he not fortunately recognised me for a respectable character by the sweet ring of a sovereign at his feet.
There was only one creature in the world that could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life.
Stephen put the hat on his head.
So I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight—watching over nothing.
Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle’s compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
It is no use trying to sum people up.
The forest has never so good a setting, nor is so distinctly beautiful, as when seen from the middle of a small lake amid hills which rise from the water’s edge; for the water in which it is reflected not only makes the best foreground in such a case, but, with its winding shore, the most natural and agreeable boundary to it.
We are a generous people but we must also be just.
God made food, the devil the cooks.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
For women are always, always, always talking about what one feels, and if they say as one gets older, they mean you to reply with something quite off the point.
If he is in superior strength, evade him.
For I knew, now, that my own heart was undisciplined when it first loved Dora; and that if it had been disciplined, it never could have felt, when we were married, what it had felt in its secret experience.‘There can be no disparity in marriage, like unsuitability of mind and purpose.’Those words I remembered too.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
And as each and all of them were warmed without by the sun, so each had a private little sun for her soul to bask in; some dream, some affection, some hobby, at least some remote and distant hope which, though perhaps starving to nothing, still lived on, as hopes will.
Women represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the triumph of mind over morals.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
I hate careless people.
The world was to me a secret which I desired to divine.
The logic can not be refuted, but someone who wants to live will not resist it.
I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
All I think of ever is that I love you, she wailed.
Memory, like a horrible malady, was eating his soul away.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
If I could see you in a year, I'd wind the months in balls, And put them each in separate drawers, Until their time befalls.
He is some brainless beautiful creature who should be always here in winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer when we want something to chill our intelligence.
But at the time of life, tinged already with disenchantment, which Swann was approaching, when a man can content himself with being in love for the pleasure of loving without expecting too much in return, this linking of hearts, if it is no longer, as in early youth, the goal towards which love, of necessity, tends, still is bound to love by so strong an association of ideas that it may well become the cause of love if it presents itself first. In his younger days a man dreams of possessing the heart of the woman whom he loves; later, the feeling that he possesses the heart of a woman may be enough to make him fall in love with her. And so, at an age when it would appear since one seeks in love before everything else a subjective pleasure that the taste for feminine beauty must play the larger part in its procreation, love may come into being, love of the most physical order, without any foundation in desire.
She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that its light can be here on earth.
I think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude—and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating.
It is invariably saddening to look through new eyes at things upon which you have expended your own powers of adjustment.
Perhaps there is a language which is not made of words and everything in the world understands it. Perhaps there is a soul hidden in everything and it can always speak, without even making a sound, to another soul.
It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he’s handsome, Nelly, but because he’s more myself than I am.
You shall have none ill, sir; for I’ll try if they can lick their fingers.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
It was the radiance of an opium-dream an airy and spirit-lifting vision more wildly divine than the phantasies which hovered about the slumbering souls of the daughters of Delos.
The lights grow brighter as the earth lurches away from the sun, and now the orchestra is playing yellow cocktail music, and the opera of voices pitches a key higher.
She had the air of one who has suddenly lost faith in the whole human race.
Two of these fellows you Must know and own; this thing of darkness I 275 Acknowledge mine.
Yet experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of truth, arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people; but Mr. Henderland had their very speech upon his tongue.
You speak not as you think; it can not be.
Sorry to hear it, Tuppy; whenever people agree with me, I always feel I must be wrong.
She’s evidently just the sort of person to appreciate her.
_All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.
Man, do not pride yourself on superiority to the animals; they are without sin, and you, with your greatness, defile the earth by your appearance on it, and leave the traces of your foulness after you—alas, it is true of almost every one of us! Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and as it were to guide us.
In so far as it satisfies the animal craving for warmth fire is a good.
To learn one must be humble.
She and her sort have solved the question by turning it to a trifle of washing the hands nightly before going to bed, the only difficulty being whether you prefer your water hot or cold, which being settled, the mind can go about its business unassailed.
But we're so different, you know: she likes being good, and I like being happy.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
It stops and gilds some inconsequential object, and we poor fools try to grasp it but when we do the sunbeam moves on to something else, and you've got the inconsequential part, but the glitter that made you want it is gone He broke off uneasily.
There is no doubt at all that this is the future of machinery, and just as trees grow while the country gentleman is asleep, so while Humanity will be amusing itself, or enjoying cultivated leisure—which, and not labour, is the aim of man—or making beautiful things, or reading beautiful things, or simply contemplating the world with admiration and delight, machinery will be doing all the necessary and unpleasant work.
But I always liked side‐paths, little dark back‐alleys behind the main road—there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.
Let us a little permit Nature to take her own way; she better understands her own affairs than we.
I permitted myself the delight of being kind to you; kindness stirred emotion soon: your face became soft in expression, your tones gentle; I liked my name pronounced by your lips in a grateful happy accent.
If life is often as hard as this, I don’t see how we ever shall get through it, added her sister despondently.
It was wrong to be so joyless, so desponding; I should have made God my friend, and to do His will the pleasure and the business of my life; but faith was weak, and passion was too strong.
When one has weighed the sun in the balance, and measured the steps of the moon, and mapped out the seven heavens star by star, there still remains oneself.
We know what the land’s like—first-rate, yet there’s not much of a crop to boast of.
None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
No: you date, you see, dear old boy.
To the dear lone lands untroubled of men, Where no voice sounds, and amid the shadowy green The little things of the woodland live unseen.
If one doesn’t talk about a thing, it has never happened.
Only connect and the beast and the monk, robbed of the isolation that is life to either, will die.
If it had grown up, she said to herself, it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes rather a handsome pig, I think.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it! Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is referable to this.
Even in the best, most friendly and simplest relations of life, praise and commendation are essential, just as grease is necessary to wheels that they may run smoothly.
I have tried to keep an open mind; and it is not the ordinary things of life that could close it, but the strange things, the extraordinary things, the things that make one doubt if they be mad or sane.
Women are constantly trying to commit suicide for love, but generally they take care not to succeed.
There’s something very sensuous about it—overripe, as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands.
When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, —that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
Every man being born free and his own master, no-one, under any pretext whatsoever, can make any man subject without his consent. To decide that the son of a slave is born a slave is to decide that he is not born a man.
Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I saw him too, looking up and wondering.
Therefore much drink may be said to be an equivocator with lechery: it makes him, and it mars him; it sets him on, and it takes him off; it persuades him, and disheartens him; makes him stand to, and not stand to; in conclusion, equivocates him in a sleep, and giving him the lie, leaves him.
Methinks that in looking at things spiritual, we are too much like oysters observing the sun through the water, and thinking that thick water the thinnest of air.
It’s no use talking to Tuppy.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
It is of common knowledge that unusually strong men suffer more severely from ordinary sicknesses than do women or invalids.
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, at least by my example, how dangerous is the acquirement of knowledge and how much happier that man is who believes his native town to be the world, than he who aspires to become greater than his nature will allow.
I know that ghosts _have_ wandered on earth.
The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself—that comes too late—a crop of unextinguishable regrets.
You can not, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal, except my life, except my life, except my life.
She said to Anthony one day: How I feel is that if I wanted anything I'd take it.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside, and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
XXIX When in disgrace with fortune and men’s eyes I all alone beweep my outcast state, And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, And look upon myself, and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featur’d like him, like him with friends possess’d, Desiring this man’s art, and that man’s scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; Yet in these thoughts my self almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven’s gate; For thy sweet love remember’d such wealth brings That then I scorn to change my state with kings.
Why, then’tis time to do’t.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t! _Pros._’Tis new to thee.
A Clear Midnight This is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless, Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done, Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou lovest best, Night, sleep, death and the stars.
An unprotected childhood in a cold world has beaten gentleness out of me.
We are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that, with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say, they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual.
There's no beauty without poignancy and there's no poignancy without the feeling that it's going, men, names, books, houses bound for dust mortal A small boy appeared beside them and, swinging a handful of banana-peels, flung them valiantly in the direction of the Potomac.
How often he had told himself that her love was happiness; and now she loved him as a woman can love when love has outweighed for her all the good things of life—and he was much further from happiness than when he had followed her from Moscow.
Anna talked not merely naturally and cleverly, but cleverly and carelessly, attaching no value to her own ideas and giving great weight to the ideas of the person she was talking to.
In the midst of this chopping sea of civilized life, such are the clouds and storms and quicksands and thousand-and-one items to be allowed for, that a man has to live, if he would not founder and go to the bottom and not make his port at all, by dead reckoning, and he must be a great calculator indeed who succeeds.
The summer holidays were near at hand when I made up my mind to break out of the weariness of school-life for one day at least.
Summer is only the unfulfilled promise of spring, a charlatan in place of the warm balmy nights I dream of in April.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
He had no further intercourse with Spirits, but lived upon the Total Abstinence Principle, ever afterwards; and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
It was much pleasanter at home, thought poor Alice, when one wasn’t always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and rabbits.
So call the field to rest, and let’s away, To part the glories of this happy day.
We entered the wood, and wended homeward.
I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces so full of stupid importance.
It is to the credit of human nature, that, except where its selfishness is brought into play, it loves more readily than it hates.
I’m five years too old to lie to myself and call it honour.
There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn, either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie.
His heart was like a sensitive plant, that opens for a moment in the sunshine, but curls up and shrinks into itself at the slightest touch of the finger, or the lightest breath of wind.
Do you not think that there are things which you can not understand, and yet which are; that some people see things that others can not? But there are things old and new which must not be contemplate by men's eyes, because they know or think they know some things which other men have told them.
Young students try to believe in older authors, constituents try to believe in their Congressmen, countries try to believe in their statesmen, but they _can’t_.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
I hate London, I hate the work, and nothing will induce me to go back to it.
To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely ordered variety on the chords of emotion—a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
She wanted—what some people want throughout life—a grief that should deeply touch her, and thus humanize and make her capable of sympathy.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
Chapter 9 Nothing is more painful to the human mind than, after the feelings have been worked up by a quick succession of events, the dead calmness of inaction and certainty which follows and deprives the soul both of hope and fear.
My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
The unwelcome November rain had perversely stolen the day’s last hour and pawned it with that ancient fence, the night.
Conceit upon her father.
She was truest to them in the season of trial, as all the quietly loyal and good will always be.
There are chords in the hearts of the most reckless which can not be touched without emotion.
I wish I hadn’t cried so much! said Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out.
We are to give its goal, its highest meaning to all this glowing space of rock and sky.
You know well I couldn’t bear to live with a low common man after you two; and it’s wicked and cruel of you to insult me by pretending I could.
Thus do many calculations lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat: how much more no calculation at all! It is by attention to this point that I can foresee who is likely to win or lose.
If that is so, it remains for us to live as though it were not so.
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
There is no sin so great as ignorance.
I hope, Cecily, I shall not offend you if I state quite frankly and openly that you seem to me to be in every way the visible personification of absolute perfection.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
Give me a moment, because I like to cry for joy.
The sun—the bright sun, that brings back, not light alone, but new life, and hope, and freshness to man—burst upon the crowded city in clear and radiant glory.
I stared at him and then at Tom, who had made a parallel discovery less than an hour before—and it occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
Thus with a kiss I die.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
But then you come; and you're so much more than I remembered, and what I want of you is so much more than an hour or two every now and then, with wastes of thirsty waiting between, that I can sit perfectly still beside you, like this, with that other vision in my mind, just quietly trusting to it to come true.
No pins were ever stuck into their cotton vitals, no harsh words or blows were ever given them, no neglect ever saddened the heart of the most repulsive, but all were fed and clothed, nursed and caressed with an affection which never failed.
‘Never,’said my aunt,‘be mean in anything; never be false; never be cruel.
Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others.
Hold to the now, the here, through which all future plunges to the past.
I love him better than myself, Ellen; and I know it by this: I pray every night that I may live after him; because I would rather be miserable than that he should be: that proves I love him better than myself.
I agree to the conditions, Angel; because you know best what my punishment ought to be; only—only—don’t make it more than I can bear! That was all she said on the matter.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
Said I have a queer mind and have read too much.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
No doubt very few people understand the purely subjective nature of the phenomenon that we call love, or how it creates, so to speak, a fresh, a third, a supplementary person, distinct from the person whom the world knows by the same name, a person most of whose constituent elements are derived from ourself, the lover.
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
There was such peace and beauty in the scene; so much of brightness and mirth in the sunny landscape; such blithesome music in the songs of the summer birds; such freedom in the rapid flight of the rook, careering overhead; so much of life and joyousness in all; that, when the boy raised his aching eyes, and looked about, the thought instinctively occurred to him, that this was not a time for death; that Rose could surely never die when humbler things were all so glad and gay; that graves were for cold and cheerless winter: not for sunlight and fragrance.
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
To me, the remembrance of our last parting has been ever mournful and painful.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
If you wait for them to change you’ll never do anything.
There are, I suppose, some men as vain, as selfish, and as heartless as she is, and, perhaps, such women may be useful to punish them.
The chief lesson of this chapter, in Tu Mu’s opinion, is the paramount importance in war of rapid evolutions and sudden rushes.
A man is only conscious of himself as a living being by the fact that he wills, that is, is conscious of his volition.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven’t got the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
There was a low, sweet ripple of laughter, and in a rage I threw open the door, and saw without the three terrible women licking their lips.
It is an irrevocable vow that I want to take.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven’t got the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
People disappeared, reappeared, made plans to go somewhere, and then lost each other, searched for each other, found each other a few feet away.
Blushing is the most peculiar and the most human of all expressions.
But only artists produce for each other the world that is fit to live in.
And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow’s eye, Steal me awhile from mine own company.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
I’ll have grounds More relative than this.
To read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
I have, as it were, my own sun and moon and stars, and a little world all to myself.
You broke the thread of my thoughts; but perhaps it is as well.
What you have to do with your mind, when your body is miserable, is to make it think of something else.
Whatever we had missed, we possessed together the precious, the incommunicable past.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
He remained in this state of empty and peaceful rumination until he heard the clock tower strike three in the morning.
Under the influence of music I really seem to feel what I do not feel, to understand what I do not understand, to have powers which I can not have. Music seems to me to act like yawning or laughter; I have no desire to sleep, but I yawn when I see others yawn; with no reason to laugh, I laugh when I hear others laugh.
I don't want you to be tired and sorry.
I want some information from you.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
My first impressions of people are invariably right.
Gwendolen, it is a terrible thing for a man to find out suddenly that all his life he has been speaking nothing but the truth.
The measure done, I’ll watch her place of stand, And touching hers, make blessed my rude hand.
She's too pretty.
He felt himself, and did not want to be anyone else.
My nephew, you seem to be displaying signs of triviality.
It is the only way to eat them.
There is the bell—I think we must go down.
Thus, we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
She could not but admit that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
It is rather a nice point, he said.
There was nothing but land: not a country at all, but the material out of which countries are made.
Such are so keen that no future gratification of the same desire can ever obliterate them: they become registered as a permanent loss of happiness.
She was not an existence, an experience, a passion, a structure of sensations, to anybody but herself.
Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes; and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous, God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters heaved the colossal orbs.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; The Wu State was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying.
Out of her favour where I am in love.
Her husband's faith in her had made her renewal possible it is so easy for a woman to become what the man she loves believes her to be!
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn’t love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
I know nothingnothing in the worldof the hearts of men.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself.
It is the spectator and not life that art really mirrors.
To cast it in with Hyde, was to die to a thousand interests and aspirations, and to become, at a blow and forever, despised and friendless.
Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.
It is much, and well that your mind is full of such dreams and not others.
I love to be alone.
From old habit, unconsciously he thanked God that he no longer believed in Him.
I felt a clearing in my mind As if my brain had split; I tried to match it, seam by seam, But could not make them fit.
It is a beauty like that of kittens, or very small downy ducks making gentle rippling noises with their soft bills, or babies just beginning to toddle and to engage in conscious mischief—a beauty with which you can never be angry, but that you feel ready to crush for inability to comprehend the state of mind into which it throws you.
In the Lane Maggie had been four days at her aunt Moss’s giving the early June sunshine quite a new brightness in the care-dimmed eyes of that affectionate woman, and making an epoch for her cousins great and small, who were learning her words and actions by heart, as if she had been a transient avatar of perfect wisdom and beauty.
I was just a screw or a cog in the great machine I called life, and when I dropped out of it I found I was of no use anywhere else.
It frightened him to think what must have gone to the making of her eyes.
The Untold Want The untold want by life and land ne’er granted, Now voyager sail thou forth to seek and find.
I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is.
Reading is thinking with some one else's head instead of one's own.
Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
I’m sure God loves us— He loves you.
_When you wa-ake You shall ha-ave All the pretty little hawsiz_ Then, as though it had been waiting on a near-by roof for their arrival, the moon came slanting suddenly through the vines and turned the girl's face to the color of white roses.
If we're all the raw stuff of the cosmic effects, one would rather be the fire that tempers a sword than the fish that dyes a purple cloak.
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth—yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it! Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is referable to this.
Then, as if giving utterance to the process of his own thought, he said: —Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother’s love is not.
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated.
It is your will, not mine.
If I am occasionally a little over-dressed, I make up for it by being always immensely over-educated.
Any mind that is capable of a _real sorrow_ is capable of good.
Since my rebuff of yesterday I have a sort of empty feeling; nothing in the world seems of sufficient importance to be worth the doing.
Not that I humbled myself by a slavish notion of inferiority: on the contrary, I just said— You have nothing to do with the master of Thornfield, further than to receive the salary he gives you for teaching his protegee, and to be grateful for such respectful and kind treatment as, if you do your duty, you have a right to expect at his hands.
I’m not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
The little thing has lost her heart to Mr. Bhaer, and follows him about the house like a dog whenever he is at home, which delights him, as he is very fond of children, though a‘bacheldore’.
If asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack, I should say: Begin by seizing something which your opponent holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will.
The roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword, are portions of Eternity too great for the eye of man.
More wonderful when angels are so angry.
What I have always wished for, desired, and coveted, is the life of an artist, free and independent, relying only on my own resources, and accountable only to myself.
Tut, man, one fire burns out another’s burning, One pain is lessen’d by another’s anguish; Turn giddy, and be holp by backward turning; One desperate grief cures with another’s languish: Take thou some new infection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die.
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
Seek to know no more.
Before the King’s Palace.
We can never cease to be ourselves.
We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories.
Man! You may hate, but beware! Your hours will pass in dread and misery, and soon the bolt will fall which must ravish from you your happiness for ever.
She was not an existence, an experience, a passion, a structure of sensations, to anybody but herself.
Perhaps it is not-being that is the true state, and all our dream of life is without existence; but, if so, we feel that it must be that these phrases of music, these conceptions which exist in relation to our dream, are nothing either.
It connects individuals who might never otherwise be known to one another, and gives every man of the trade a direction where to find every other man of it.
Yea, foolish mortals, Noah’s flood is not yet subsided; two thirds of the fair world it yet covers.
There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
The amount of women in London who flirt with their own husbands is perfectly scandalous.
Many can't go there; and many would rather die.
This horrible discord, which has lasted for so many centuries, is a very striking lesson that we should pardon each other's errors; discord is the great ill of mankind; and tolerance is the only remedy for it.
This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and can not withstand you if you say that it shall not.
I think I must admit so fair a guest when it asks entrance to my heart.
But break my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
_Exit Caliban._ _Re-enter ARIEL, invisible, playing and singing; FERDINAND following._ _ARIEL’S song._ Come unto these yellow sands, 375 And then take hands: Courtsied when you have and kiss’d The wild waves whist: Foot it featly here and there; And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear.
You are doing so well now that it would be a pity for anyone to interfere.
Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise; for the result is waste of time and general stagnation.
When one reads these strange pages of one long gone one feels that one is at one with one who once.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies’brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair; He that is strucken blind can not forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
There it is before you—smiling, frowning, inviting, grand, mean, insipid, or savage, and always mute with an air of whispering,‘Come and find out.’This one was almost featureless, as if still in the making, with an aspect of monotonous grimness.
I can not live with you, It would be life, And life is over there Behind the shelf The sexton keeps the key to, Putting up Our life, his porcelain, Like a cup Discarded of the housewife, Quaint or broken; A newer Sevres pleases, Old ones crack.
It is required of every man, the Ghost returned, that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellowmen, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death.
It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world; but it is very possible to know how it has touched one’s self in going by, and I know right well that any good that intermixed itself with my apprenticeship came of plain contented Joe, and not of restlessly aspiring discontented me.
We behold the face of nature bright with gladness, we often see superabundance of food; we do not see, or we forget, that the birds which are idly singing round us mostly live on insects or seeds, and are thus constantly destroying life; or we forget how largely these songsters, or their eggs, or their nestlings, are destroyed by birds and beasts of prey; we do not always bear in mind, that though food may be now superabundant, it is not so at all seasons of each recurring year.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
For Mercy has a human heart; Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine: And Peace the human dress.
I'm pretty well cloistered, and I suppose books mean more than people to me anyway.
It sounded as if he liked her and was not the least afraid she would not like him, though he was only a common moor boy, in patched clothes and with a funny face and a rough, rusty-red head.
Actually, their echo has never ceased: it is only because life is now growing more and more quiet round about me that I hear them afresh, like those convent bells which are so effectively drowned during the day by the noises of the streets that one would suppose them to have been stopped for ever, until they sound out again through the silent evening air.
Let the truth be told—women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye.
There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare.
Never in her life—she could swear it from the bottom of her soul—had she ever intended to do wrong; yet these hard judgements had come.
To forget himself in sleep was impossible now, at least till nighttime; he could not go back now to the music sung by the decanter-women; so he must forget himself in the dream of daily life.
Our desires cut across one another's paths, and in this confused existence it is but rarely that a piece of good fortune coincides with the desire that clamoured for it.
Her imagination was by habit ridiculously active; when the door was not open it jumped out of the window.
There is reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
He perceived that such a picture presupposed, on her part, the experience, the versatility, the freedom of judgment, which she had been carefully trained not to possess; and with a shiver of foreboding he saw his marriage becoming what most of the other marriages about him were: a dull association of material and social interests held together by ignorance on the one side and hypocrisy on the other.
She looked as if she was not attending to the conversation, but solely busy with the tea-cups, among which her round ivory hands moved with pretty, noiseless, daintiness.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
I struggled no more, but the agony of my soul found vent in one loud, long, and final scream of despair.
I said, let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler: but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.
He had lived always in the future, and the present always, always had slipped through his fingers.
But Rosamond Vincy seemed to have the true melodic charm; and when a man has seen the woman whom he would have chosen if he had intended to marry speedily, his remaining a bachelor will usually depend on her resolution rather than on his.
that they are not ashamed to sin, and yet are ashamed to repent; not ashamed of the action for which they ought justly to be esteemed fools, but are ashamed of the returning, which only can make them be esteemed wise men.
I think there be six Richmonds in the field; Five have I slain to-day instead of him.
If he sends reinforcements everywhere, he will everywhere be weak.
No country can be named in which all the native inhabitants are now so perfectly adapted to each other and to the physical conditions under which they live, that none of them could anyhow be improved; for in all countries, the natives have been so far conquered by naturalised productions, that they have allowed foreigners to take firm possession of the land.
But although she may prevent us from becoming man and wife, and I may marry some one else, and marry often, nothing that she can possibly do can alter my eternal devotion to you.
’New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
It takes so little to make a child happy that it is a pity, in a world so full of sunshine and pleasant things, that there should be any wistful faces, empty hands, or lonely little hearts.
Now, I am living out my life in my corner, taunting myself with the spiteful and useless consolation that an intelligent man can not become anything seriously, and it is only the fool who becomes anything.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
It is a blessing that we do not know what is really going to happen.
But indeed, if you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stairs into the lobby.
Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes.
The hand, that hath made you fair, hath made you good: the goodness, that is cheap in beauty, makes beauty brief in goodness; but grace, being the soul of your complexion, should keep the body of it ever fair.
Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail.
You shouldn't pay too much attention to people's opinions.
_ It soared, a bird, it held its flight, a swift pure cry, soar silver orb it leaped serene, speeding, sustained, to come, don’t spin it out too long long breath he breath long life, soaring high, high resplendent, aflame, crowned, high in the effulgence symbolistic, high, of the etherial bosom, high, of the high vast irradiation everywhere all soaring all around about the all, the endlessnessnessness.
Hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for purposes of spying and thereby they achieve great results.
I won't say she was silly, but I think one of us was silly, and it wasn't me.
The stars of heaven were falling upon the earth like the figs cast by the figtree which the wind has shaken.
It is this what you mean, isn’t it: that the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future? This it is, said Siddhartha.
I have a check for five hundred pounds which should be cashed early, for the drawer is quite capable of stopping it if he can.
All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life. And if you be a philosopher, though seated in the whale-boat, you would not at heart feel one whit more of terror, than though seated before your evening fire with a poker, and not a harpoon, by your side.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
There you have perfect right.
He is himself his own World, his own Universe; of any other than himself he can form no conception; he knows not Length, nor Breadth, nor Height, for he has had no experience of them; he has no cognizance even of the number Two; nor has he a thought of Plurality; for he is himself his One and All, being really Nothing.
Parting is all we know of heaven, And all we need of hell.
I have been so overwhelmed by the many storms that have broken over my head, that I am become passive in the hands of the Almighty, like a sparrow in the talons of an eagle.
All secrets become dark.
Sadness of the Moon-Goddess To-night the Moon dreams with increased weariness, Like a beauty stretched forth on a downy heap Of rugs, while her languorous fingers caress The contour of her breasts, before falling to sleep.
In the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is as the light called human life is at its coming and its going.
But I am tired to-night, Harry.
It is so loud that one can talk the whole time without other people hearing what one says.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
In dressing, she moved about in a mental cloud of many-coloured idealities, which eclipsed all sinister contingencies by its brightness.
Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting.
Alice thought to herself, I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line.
Confucius said, To know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge. When one man has reduced a fact of the imagination to be a fact to his understanding, I foresee that all men at length establish their lives on that basis.
There is no point, among the many incomprehensible anomalies of the science of mind, more thrillingly exciting than the fact never, I believe, noticed in the schools than in our endeavors to recall to memory something long forgotten, we often find ourselves _upon the very verge_ of remembrance, without being able, in the end, to remember.
No caress of theirs could put the love-croon into his throat, and, try as they would, they could never persuade him into snuggling against them.
Nothing in the world is quite as adorably lovely as a robin when he shows off—and they are nearly always doing it.
What is to be thought of a nation boasting of its liberty, boasting of its humanity, boasting of its Christianity, boasting of its love of justice and purity, and yet having within its own borders three millions of persons denied by law the right of marriage? what must be the condition of that people? I need not lift up the veil by giving you any experience of my own. Every one that can put two ideas together, must see the most fearful results from such a state of things as I have just mentioned.
Half an hour after everyone had said they were so happy they could only hold one drop more, the drop came.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, Oh, nothing! Pride helps us; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our own hurts—not to hurt others.
In silence they waited through an interval which seemed endless.
But a prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
Oh, you ARE a devil.
It is only when we are very happy, that we can bear to gaze merrily upon the vast and limitless expanse of water, rolling on and on with such persistent, irritating monotony, to the accompaniment of our thoughts, whether grave or gay. When they are gay, the waves echo their gaiety; but when they are sad, then every breaker, as it rolls, seems to bring additional sadness, and to speak to us of hopelessness and of the pettiness of all our joys.
I know that I shall die struggling for breath, and I know that I shall be horribly afraid.
XLIII When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see, For all the day they view things unrespected; But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee, And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.
We are like the herb which flourisheth most when it is most trampled on.
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
I never told my love vocally; still, if looks have language, the merest idiot might have guessed I was over head and ears: she understood me at last, and looked a return—the sweetest of all imaginable looks.
You are aware, Mr. Heathcliff, I said, that from the time you were thirteen years old you have lived a selfish, unchristian life; and probably hardly had a Bible in your hands during all that period.
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
I keep science for Life.
It was not well to drive men into final corners; at those moments they could all develop teeth and claws.
One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of hereditary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion.
In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas—no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
He fumbles at your spirit As players at the keys Before they drop full music on; He stuns you by degrees, Prepares your brittle substance For the ethereal blow, By fainter hammers, further heard, Then nearer, then so slow Your breath has time to straighten, Your brain to bubble cool, Deals one imperial thunderbolt That scalps your naked soul.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
Sir Thomas waved his hand.
You are like a chestnut burr, prickly outside, but silky-soft within, and a sweet kernal, if one can only get at it.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
His conclusion was that things were not always what they appeared to be.
We must suppose each new state of the instrument to be multiplied by the million; and each to be preserved till a better be produced, and then the old ones to be destroyed.
She had only to stand in the orchard, to put her hand on a little crab tree and look up at the apples, to make you feel the goodness of planting and tending and harvesting at last.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
It would distress me more than I can tell you, dear Gwendolen, if it caused you any mental or physical anguish, but I feel bound to point out that since Ernest proposed to you he clearly has changed his mind.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort.
He was conscious of a thousand odours floating in the air, each one connected with a thousand thoughts, and hopes, and joys, and cares long, long, forgotten! Your lip is trembling, said the Ghost.
There was one great tomb more lordly than all the rest; huge it was, and nobly proportioned.
So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man can not be true—not true, or undeveloped.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
_Antony_ I see nothing there save desolate plains, with extinct craters, under a black sky.
âAnd woman is the same as horses: two wills act in opposition inside her.
I sickened as I read.
The chief thing I shouldn’t like would be for people to imagine I want to prove anything.
In his realm there is hatred secret hatred; there is disgust unspoken disgust; there is treachery family treachery; there is vice deep, deadly domestic vice. In his dominions children grow unloving between parents who have never loved; infants are nursed on deception from their very birth; they are reared in an atmosphere corrupt with lies.
There is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty; and there is nothing it professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth! You fear the world too much, she answered, gently.
Women ought to be free as free as we are, he declared, making a discovery of which he was too irritated to measure the terrific consequences.
But the emptiness and the darkness are gone; when I turn back into myself now I'm like a child going at night into a room where there's always a light.
A new world, material without being real, where poor ghosts, breathing dreams like air, drifted fortuitously about … like that ashen, fantastic figure gliding toward him through the amorphous trees.
And if that boisterous Channel, and two hundred miles or so of land come broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I’ve a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly.
Hesitation of any kind is a sign of mental decay in the young, of physical weakness in the old.
It makes people think that one is a wild shot.
But, as it will never do if John, too, can prove an alibi, she writes him an anonymous note—still copying his hand-writing—which takes him to a remote spot where it is exceedingly unlikely that anyone will see him.
I'm not going to bring a child into the world, and love her, and bring her up, just so that some man may want to sleep with her so much that he's willing to provide her with board and lodging for the rest of her life.
Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour, Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of absence sour, When you have bid your servant once adieu; Nor dare I question with my jealous thought Where you may be, or your affairs suppose, But, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought Save, where you are, how happy you make those.
The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy; only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.
Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
I suppose a cry does us all good at times clears the air as other rain does.
Oh never, never! May your sky be clear, may your sweet smile be bright and untroubled, and may you be blessed for that moment of blissful happiness which you gave to another, lonely and grateful heart!
If you don't give a darn whether you ever see the needle or not it runs into you the first time you lean against the stack.
I should think he has to wear asbestos vests.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
They were so engrossed in each other that she didn’t see me until I was five feet away.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Write it in the library.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
I was forced to fall back upon the unsatisfactory conclusion, that while, beyond doubt, there _are_ combinations of very simple natural objects which have the power of thus affecting us, still the analysis of this power lies among considerations beyond our depth.
I have always been of opinion that a man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
It is clear to me now that, owing to my unbounded vanity and to the high standard I set for myself, I often looked at myself with furious discontent, which verged on loathing, and so I inwardly attributed the same feeling to everyone.
To see and know the worst is to take from Fear her main advantage.
They are the men and women who have the courage to strive for the happiness which comes only with labor and effort and self-sacrifice, and only to those whose joy in life springs in part from power of work and sense of duty.
The human mind delights in grand conceptions of supernatural beings.
Tu Mu says: Conform to the enemy’s tactics until a favourable opportunity offers; then come forth and engage in a battle that shall prove decisive.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
But he must be made abstract first.
I will go out until the day, until the morning break Out to the wind’s untainted kiss, the water’s clean caress; I will forget my ankle-ring and snap my picket stake.
Poor Mr. Casaubon had imagined that his long studious bachelorhood had stored up for him a compound interest of enjoyment, and that large drafts on his affections would not fail to be honored; for we all of us, grave or light, get our thoughts entangled in metaphors, and act fatally on the strength of them.
People never like me and I never like people, she thought.
The light air about me told me that the world ended here: only the ground and sun and sky were left, and if one went a little farther there would be only sun and sky, and one would float off into them, like the tawny hawks which sailed over our heads making slow shadows on the grass.
I do not press my fingers across my mouth, I keep as delicate around the bowels as around the head and heart, Copulation is no more rank to me than death is.
Clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul.
The lines in the face were few but firm, as if they were carved in marble, and lay principally about the lips, which were slightly compressed, over a set of teeth so faultless and beautiful as to give the effect of sudden sunlight when the rare bright smile, coming in an instant and shining out of the eyes, changed the whole look from the severe and resolved expression of a man ready to do and dare everything, to the keen, honest, enjoyment of the moment, which is seldom shown so fearlessly and instantaneously except by children.
We’ll be a great deal to one another, if we are thrown off and left desolate.
It was peopled with marble figures, —kings, saints, bishops, —who at least did not burst out laughing in his face, and who gazed upon him only with tranquillity and kindliness.
Never trust a woman who wears mauve, whatever her age may be, or a woman over thirty-five who is fond of pink ribbons.
They are the only things that are never serious.
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
The one charm of the past is that it is the past.
He no longer felt anything, though very faintly he could hear the impact of the club upon his body.
Good‐by, Katerina Ivanovna; you can’t be angry with me, for I am a hundred times more severely punished than you, if only by the fact that I shall never see you again.
We love you, we love you! they all caught it up.
He knelt by the bed and bent over her, draining their last moment to its lees; and in the silence there passed between them the word which made all clear.
Never are voices so beautiful as on a winter’s evening, when dusk almost hides the body, and they seem to issue from nothingness with a note of intimacy seldom heard by day.
O swear not by the moon, th’inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Her eyes, shuddering, appealing, gone, almost distracted, pleaded to him suddenly.
Love, though said to be afflicted with blindness, is a vigilant watchman, and Miss Peecher kept him on double duty over Mr Bradley Headstone.
It is remarkable, that persons who speculate the most boldly often conform with the most perfect quietude to the external regulations of society.
But nobody did come, because nobody does; and under the crushing recognition of his gigantic error Jude continued to wish himself out of the world.
Silence has sometimes a remarkable power of showing itself as the disembodied soul of feeling wandering without its carcase, and it is then more impressive than speech.
I knew myself, at the first breath of this new life, to be more wicked, tenfold more wicked, sold a slave to my original evil; and the thought, in that moment, braced and delighted me like wine.
Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
_Mir._ I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of.
Tu Mu remarks: When your army has crossed the border, you should burn your boats and bridges, in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no hankering after home.
That it would always be summer and autumn, and you always courting me, and always thinking as much of me as you have done through the past summer-time! I always shall.
Ay me, sad hours seem long.
If you think I come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life.
Thus with a kiss I die.
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character; happiness does that sometimes, but suffering, for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.
But, perhaps the confidential bachelor clerks in Tellson’s Bank were principally occupied with the cares of other people; and perhaps second-hand cares, like second-hand clothes, come easily off and on.
Thus human beings judge of one another, superficially, casually, throwing contempt on one another, with but little reason, and no charity.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
I had traded the fight against love for the fight against loneliness, the fight against life for the fight against death.
He had kept all the pain to himself.
Nothing makes time pass more quickly or more shortens a journey than a thought which absorbs in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks.
But there is something else I must come to first.
One was about forty: a period of mental vigour at which men seldom cherish the delusion of being married for love by girls: that dream is reserved for the solace of our declining years.
I can't love you unless I give you up.
She is too wise or too cruel for that.
When one is dictating one should speak fluently and not cough.
People talk sometimes of bestial cruelty, but that’s a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel.
I know nothing about it though.
I wish to goodness we had a few fools left.
Young men often laugh at the sensible girls whom they secretly respect, and affect to admire the silly ones whom they secretly despise, because earnestness, intelligence, and womanly dignity are not the fashion.
To read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
I could not resist the temptation of mystifying him a bit I suppose it is some of the taste of the original apple that remains still in our mouths so I handed him the shorthand diary.
I permitted myself the delight of being kind to you; kindness stirred emotion soon: your face became soft in expression, your tones gentle; I liked my name pronounced by your lips in a grateful happy accent.
It was the very essence of the unknown; it was the sum of the terrors of the unknown, the one culminating and unthinkable catastrophe that could happen to him, about which he knew nothing and about which he feared everything.
The ghostly winter silence had given way to the great spring murmur of awakening life.
Her future, she thought, was likely to be worse than her past, for after her years of contented renunciation, she had slipped back into desire and longing; she found joyless days of distasteful occupation harder and harder; she found the image of the intense and varied life she yearned for, and despaired of, becoming more and more importunate.
It would be an easy map if that were all, but there is also first day at school, religion, fathers, the round pond, needle-work, murders, hangings, verbs that take the dative, chocolate pudding day, getting into braces, say ninety-nine, three-pence for pulling out your tooth yourself, and so on, and either these are part of the island or they are another map showing through, and it is all rather confusing, especially as nothing will stand still.
An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
We live in an age that reads too much to be wise, and that thinks too much to be beautiful.
Receive what cheer you may; The night is long that never finds the day.
I am anchored on a resolve you can not shake.
I now stood in the empty hall; before me was the breakfast-room door, and I stopped, intimidated and trembling.
I like your nice manners and refined ways of speaking, when you don’t try to be elegant.
For a few seconds they gazed silently into one another’s eyes—and what had seemed impossible and remote suddenly became possible, inevitable, and very near.
And still I stood looking at the house, thinking how happy I should be if I lived there with her, and knowing that I never was happy with her, but always miserable.
It doesn’t look like one, but it is.
All empty-headed young fools.
With no appraisal of the worth or dross of these two things, it seemed to Anthony that they lay somewhere near the heart of love.
There are chords in the hearts of the most reckless which can not be touched without emotion.
I understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
For one very rich man, there must be at least five hundred poor, and the affluence of the few supposes the indigence of the many.
It puts ideas in their heads, and women are never at ease with themselves when they have ideas.
You became to me the visible incarnation of that unseen ideal whose memory haunts us artists like an exquisite dream.
It seems to me that we all look at Nature too much, and live with her too little.
It is so loud that one can talk the whole time without other people hearing what one says.
I am so glad.
Life isn't long enough for love and art.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
The space of sky above us was the colour of ever-changing violet and towards it the lamps of the street lifted their feeble lanterns.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins.
Remember then: there is only one time that is important Now! It is the most important time because it is the only time when we have any power.
You need not think that because we chanced to be born of the same parents, I shall suffer you to fasten me down by even the feeblest claim: I can tell you this—if the whole human race, ourselves excepted, were swept away, and we two stood alone on the earth, I would leave you in the old world, and betake myself to the new.
It can be found, it can be lived, it is possible to be carried by it, miracles can be performed with it, but it can not be expressed in words and taught.
A classic, suggested Anthony, is a successful book that has survived the reaction of the next period or generation.
Next morn the baron climbed the tower, To view afar the Scottish power, Encamped on Flodden edge: The white pavilions made a show, Like remnants of the winter snow, Along the dusky ridge.
For men are made for happiness, and any one who is completely happy has a right to say to himself,‘I am doing God’s will on earth.’All the righteous, all the saints, all the holy martyrs were happy.
It is youth’s felicity as well as its insufficiency that it can never live in the present, but must always be measuring up the day against its own radiantly imagined future flowers and gold, girls and stars, they are only prefigurations and prophecies of that incomparable, unattainable young dream.
and not he loves me, since an unalterable and unquestioned law of the musical world required that the German text of French operas sung by Swedish artists should be translated into Italian for the clearer understanding of English-speaking audiences.
If you should marry the handsomest, and most accomplished and superficially agreeable man in the world, you little know the misery that would overwhelm you if, after all, you should find him to be a worthless reprobate, or even an impracticable fool.
I can't go underground for a year, ten years, my whole life, waiting for freedom to be handed to me.
One glance he gave, one little smile at parting—it was but for a moment; but therein I read, or thought I read, a meaning that kindled in my heart a brighter flame of hope than had ever yet arisen.
For there was something very comfortable in having plenty of stationery.
Dear Prince, I must leave you, but I will never forget you, and next spring I will bring you back two beautiful jewels in place of those you have given away.
After this I call to mind flatness and dampness; and then all is madness—the madness of a memory which busies itself among forbidden things.
It has always seemed absurd to suppose that a god would choose for his companions, during all eternity, the dear souls whose highest and only ambition is to obey.
A document in madness, thoughts and remembrance fitted.
’Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forc’d breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected haviour of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shows of grief, That can denote me truly.
_Sings._ For bonny sweet Robin is all my joy.
Her tenderness, in fact, grew each day with her repulsion to her husband.
’tis an unweeded garden That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature Possess it merely.
ABSENCE It was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many unavailing sorrows and regrets.
I am in the most magnificent health and spirits, eating like a bull, sleeping like a tree, yet I shall not enjoy a moment till I hear my old tarpaulins tramping round the capstan.
I have often noticed that it is the worst of our being six people think six a great many, when it’s children.
His enemy was too big.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whoever could make two ears of corn, or two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner; nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people.
I would rather touch her hand if it were dead, than I would touch any other woman’s living.
The soul selects her own society, Then shuts the door; On her divine majority Obtrude no more.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defence whose opponent does not know what to attack.
Stars and sun, a few bright grains, went spinning round for terror, and holding each other in embrace, there in a darkness that outpassed them all, and left them tiny and daunted.
I don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it.
Every great man nowadays has his disciples, and it is always Judas who writes the biography.
No, I am not at all cynical, I have merely got experience, which, however, is very much the same thing.
talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first season you will have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact.
Beauty made you love, and love made you beautiful.
I am the mother that bore you, and your sorrow is my agony; and if you don’t hate her, I do.
I wish my girl lived here.
That made it all right—as it always makes everything all right to project yourself completely into another’s place.
It is filled with misery and pain; and if a man escapes these, boredom lies in wait for him at every corner.
Beauty is also a gift of God, one of the most rare and precious, and we should be thankful if we are happy enough to possess it and thankful, if we are not, that others possess it for our pleasure.
_Glo._ And that's true too.
Ophelia, walk you here.—Gracious, so please you, We will bestow ourselves.—_To Ophelia._ Read on this book, That show of such an exercise may colour Your loneliness.—We are oft to blame in this,’Tis too much prov’d, that with devotion’s visage And pious action we do sugar o’er The devil himself.
For, as it has been explained to us, men are free and the earth belongs to them; and all things on earth belong to all men; and the will of all men together is good for all; and so all men must be happy.
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
For small erections may be finished by their first architects; grand ones, true ones, ever leave the copestone to posterity.
Men, declaring that she inspires them to it, move joyfully over the surface, having the most delightful meetings with other men, happy, not because they are masculine, but because they are alive.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
For it matters not how small the beginning may seem to be: what is once well done is done for ever.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
I shall always be a flower girl to Professor Higgins, because he always treats me as a flower girl, and always will; but I know I can be a lady to you, because you always treat me as a lady, and always will.
So long as man remains free he strives for nothing so incessantly and so painfully as to find some one to worship.
Yet that grief and this joy were alike outside all the ordinary conditions of life; they were loop-holes, as it were, in that ordinary life through which there came glimpses of something sublime.
There was much of the beautiful, much of the wanton, much of the bizarre, something of the terrible, and not a little of that which might have excited disgust.
God has given us, in a measure, the power to make our own fate; and when our energies seem to demand a sustenance they can not get—when our will strains after a path we may not follow—we need neither starve from inanition, nor stand still in despair: we have but to seek another nourishment for the mind, as strong as the forbidden food it longed to taste—and perhaps purer; and to hew out for the adventurous foot a road as direct and broad as the one Fortune has blocked up against us, if rougher than it.
I dare say there’s many a woman makes as sad a mistake as I have done, and only finds it out too late.
But you _are_ beautiful.
I can't even hate the damnable presence of PEOPLE, those people in the station who haven't any right to live I can't resent them even though they're dirtying up our world, because I'm engrossed in wanting you so._ _If you hated me, if you were covered with sores like a leper, if you ran away with another woman or starved me or beat me how absurd this sounds I'd still want you, I'd still love you.
As he spoke there was in his heart that tremulousness that we take for sincerity in ourselves.
Love was to her the one cordial which could drive away the eating loneliness of her days.
I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
The law was being lived about him by all live things, and he himself was part and parcel of the law.
Nature, that great tragic dramatist, knits us together by bone and muscle, and divides us by the subtler web of our brains; blends yearning and repulsion; and ties us by our heart-strings to the beings that jar us at every movement.
He was poor, yet always appeared to be giving something away; a stranger, yet everyone was his friend; no longer young, but as happy-hearted as a boy; plain and peculiar, yet his face looked beautiful to many, and his oddities were freely forgiven for his sake.
They wanted genuine intimacy, but they could not get even normally near to anyone, because they scorned to take the first steps, they scorned the triviality which forms common human intercourse.
And as for all the wisdom and goodness you have been trying to instil into me—that is all very right and proper, I daresay, and if I were some twenty years older, I might fructify by it: but people must enjoy themselves when they are young; and if others won’t let them—why, they must hate them for it! The best way to enjoy yourself is to do what is right and hate nobody.
It did them no harm.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
She says many hard things of you, but you say nothing of her.
That there’s a picture of a missel thrush on her nest, as large as life an’twice as natural.
I may do some good before I am dead—be a sort of success as a frightful example of what not to do; and so illustrate a moral story, continued Jude, beginning to grow bitter, though he had opened serenely enough.
PART THE FIRST WINTER CHAPTER I. MELLSTOCK-LANE To dwellers in a wood almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature.
This good-fellowship—_camaraderie_—usually occurring through similarity of pursuits, is unfortunately seldom superadded to love between the sexes, because men and women associate, not in their labours, but in their pleasures merely. Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
Gentle, soft dream, nestling in my arms now, you will fly, too, as your sisters have all fled before you: but kiss me before you go—embrace me, Jane.
I have seen something of this world, she said over the crowded trays, and there are but two sorts of women in it—those who take the strength out of a man and those who put it back.
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
For myself, I always assume that a lion is ferocious, and so I am never caught off my guard.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Satire is a sort of glass wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own; which is the chief reason for that kind reception it meets with in the world, and that so very few are offended with it.
Occasionally a line of grey cars crawls along an invisible track, gives out a ghastly creak, and comes to rest, and immediately the ash-grey men swarm up with leaden spades and stir up an impenetrable cloud, which screens their obscure operations from your sight.
Even from the simplest, the most realistic point of view, the countries for which we long occupy, at any given moment, a far larger place in our true life than the country in which we may happen to be.
And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
The soul is in a manner all that is: the soul is the form of forms.
It is a happiness to wonder; it is a happiness to dream.
3: the most fatal defect in a military leader is difference; the worst calamities that befall an army arise from hesitation.
Writing and talk do not prove me, I carry the plenum of proof and every thing else in my face, With the hush of my lips I wholly confound the skeptic.
There is reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
The instant, however, that I had stepped over the threshold, he moved impulsively forward, and holding out his hand grasped mine with a strength which made me wince, an effect which was not lessened by the fact that it seemed as cold as ice more like the hand of a dead than a living man.
Your own, one day, my dear, and you will use it well.
He was proud, sardonic, harsh to inferiority of every description: in my secret soul I knew that his great kindness to me was balanced by unjust severity to many others.
She wanted to read great, beautiful books, and be rich with them; she wanted to see beautiful things, and have the joy of them for ever; she wanted to know big, free people; and there remained always the want she could put no name to.
Just last year.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
Life is a hope.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
You see nowadays it is not fashionable to flirt till one is forty, or to be romantic till one is forty-five, so we poor women who are under thirty, or say we are, have nothing open to us but politics or philanthropy.
At last, we know not what it is to live in the open air, and our lives are domestic in more senses than we think.
If the study to which you apply yourself has a tendency to weaken your affections and to destroy your taste for those simple pleasures in which no alloy can possibly mix, then that study is certainly unlawful, that is to say, not befitting the human mind.
He seemed to see that a man need not leave his life to chance, but that his will was powerful; he seemed to see that self-control might be as passionate and as active as the surrender to passion; he seemed to see that the inward life might be as manifold, as varied, as rich with experience, as the life of one who conquered realms and explored unknown lands.
Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head.
I learned to look more upon the bright side of my condition, and less upon the dark side, and to consider what I enjoyed rather than what I wanted; and this gave me sometimes such secret comforts, that I can not express them; and which I take notice of here, to put those discontented people in mind of it, who can not enjoy comfortably what God has given them, because they see and covet something that He has not given them.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
But even so, amid the tornadoed Atlantic of my being, do I myself still for ever centrally disport in mute calm; and while ponderous planets of unwaning woe revolve round me, deep down and deep inland there I still bathe me in eternal mildness of joy.
She suddenly felt a longing desire to speak to some one stronger than herself, and so get strength to sustain her surmised position with dignity and her lurking doubts with stoicism.
If that thou wilt not read, let it alone; Some love the meat, some love to pick the bone.
The ancient poets animated all sensible objects with Gods or Geniuses, calling them by the names and adorning them with properties of woods, rivers, mountains, lakes, cities, nations, and whatever their enlarged and numerous senses could perceive.
To give away yourself, keeps yourself still, And you must live, drawn by your own sweet skill.
CAT I'd rather not.
Let us record the atoms as they fall upon the mind in the order in which they fall, let us trace the pattern, however disconnected and incoherent in appearance, which each sight or incident scores upon the consciousness.
A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired.
I have a theory that it is always the women who propose to us, and not we who propose to the women.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
Go bid the priests do present sacrifice, And bring me their opinions of success.
There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn, either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie.
It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk.
My dear Rachel, intellectual generalities are always interesting, but generalities in morals mean absolutely nothing.
If much depends, as is allowed, upon the early education of youth, and the first principles which are instilled take the deepest root, great benefit must arise from literary accomplishments in women.
He is some brainless beautiful creature who should be always here in winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer when we want something to chill our intelligence.
Failure, disgrace, poverty, sorrow, despair, suffering, tears even, the broken words that come from lips in pain, remorse that makes one walk on thorns, conscience that condemns, self- abasement that punishes, the misery that puts ashes on its head, the anguish that chooses sack-cloth for its raiment and into its own drink puts gall: all these were things of which I was afraid.
If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst.
Therefore, just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions.
There is such a thing as looking through a person’s eyes into the heart, and learning more of the height, and breadth, and depth of another’s soul in one hour than it might take you a lifetime to discover, if he or she were not disposed to reveal it, or if you had not the sense to understand it.
Kant thought things not because they were true, but because he was Kant.
The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.
But when you love in a deeper and intenser way, then you are, in the same proportion, jealous; your jealousy has intensity and, no doubt, ferocity. When, however, you love in the most abysmal and unutterable way of all why then you’re beyond everything, and nothing can pull you down.
Sometimes she went so far as to wish that she might find herself some day in a difficult position, so that she should have the pleasure of being as heroic as the occasion demanded.
Men are free when they belong to a living, organic, _believing_ community, active in fulfilling some unfulfilled, perhaps unrealized purpose.
Nothing like the act of eating for equalising men.
The most worthless of mankind are not afraid to condemn in others the same disorders which they allow in themselves; and can readily discover some nice difference of age, character, or station, to justify the partial distinction.
There was a sharp bracing air; the ground was dry; the sea was crisp and clear; the sun was diffusing abundance of light, if not much warmth; and everything was fresh and lively.
There was no doing it in the night, for there was no getting a light by easy friction then; to have got one I must have struck it out of flint and steel, and have made a noise like the very pirate himself rattling his chains.
I never had one hour’s happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
The invisible worm, That flies in the night, In the howling storm, Has found out thy bed Of crimson joy, And his dark secret love Does thy life destroy.
She thought it was part of the hardship of her life that there was laid upon her the burthen of larger wants than others seemed to feel, —that she had to endure this wide, hopeless yearning for that something, whatever it was, that was greatest and best on this earth.
Doubtless this persistence was the best course for his own dignity: but pride only helps us to be generous; it never makes us so, any more than vanity makes us witty.
I expect I shall feel better after tea.
She strained every effort of her mind to say what ought to be said.
Because, my dear fellow, you understand one must never be eccentric.
Dead, men and women, born with heavenly compassion in your hearts.
This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate.
A man is only conscious of himself as a living being by the fact that he wills, that is, is conscious of his volition.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
The moon is distant from the sea, And yet with amber hands She leads him, docile as a boy, Along appointed sands.
If I didn’t care about doing right, and didn’t feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
For the time being all bright points in his life were blotted out; all prominences leveled.
It was much pleasanter at home, thought poor Alice, when one wasn’t always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and rabbits.
Thus do many calculations lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat: how much more no calculation at all! It is by attention to this point that I can foresee who is likely to win or lose.
For, as Chia Lin remarks: if you fight with all your might, there is a chance of life; where as death is certain if you cling to your corner.
It may not be purchased of the merchants, nor can it be weighed out in the balance for gold.
I want a breath of our passion to stir their dust into consciousness, to wake their ashes into pain.
If I could only make you understand how frightfully I’m in love with you.
There is nothing so terrible as the pursuit of art by those who have no talent.
He liked this well, kindly he smiled at the river.
One can’t live with one’s finger everlastingly on one’s pulse.
He could remember all about it now; the pitiful figure he must have cut; the absurd way in which he had gone and done the very thing he had so often agreed with himself in thinking would be the most foolish thing in the world; and had met with exactly the consequences which, in these wise moods, he had always foretold were certain to follow, if he ever did make such a fool of himself.
It's unbelievable how time flies.
Even without memory, the life is bound into one by a zone of dependence in growth and decay; but intense memory forces a man to own his blameworthy past.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
Why it was that upon this beautiful feminine tissue, sensitive as gossamer, and practically blank as snow as yet, there should have been traced such a coarse pattern as it was doomed to receive; why so often the coarse appropriates the finer thus, the wrong man the woman, the wrong woman the man, many thousand years of analytical philosophy have failed to explain to our sense of order.
For Mercy has a human heart; Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine: And Peace the human dress.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
Everything about her was warm and soft and scented: even the stains of her grief became her as rain-drops do the beaten rose.
The taste of the usual was like cinders in his mouth, and there were moments when he felt as if he were being buried alive under his future.
There was much about love in the ballad faithful love that refused to abandon its object; love that disaster could not shake; love that in calamity waxed fonder, in poverty clung closer.
I look on them as things rootless and perishable; their likeness to life makes me sad.
If life be a war, it seemed my destiny to conduct it single-handed.
It's you who are telling me; opening my eyes to things I'd looked at so long that I'd ceased to see them.
To the States To the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved, Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever afterward resumes its liberty.
He only replied, Silence, maiden; thy tongue outruns thy discretion.
Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.
But if ever they return, if ever any one of them returns, while I am alive, I am more likely than another, going about as I do, to find it out soon.
So far as an overpowering heaviness, a prostration of strength, and an utter inability to control our thoughts or power of motion, can be called sleep, this is it; and yet, we have a consciousness of all that is going on about us, and, if we dream at such a time, words which are really spoken, or sounds which really exist at the moment, accommodate themselves with surprising readiness to our visions, until reality and imagination become so strangely blended that it is afterwards almost matter of impossibility to separate the two.
You can not have power for good without having power for evil too.
It is that you have never made love to me.
They give people the opportunity of finding out each other’s character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
It is because Humanity has never known where it was going that it has been able to find its way.
But as soon as I asked myself the question, and tried to discover some subjects to which I could impart a philosophical significance of infinite value, my mind would stop like a clock, I would see before me vacuity, nothing, would feel either that I was wholly devoid of talent, or that, perhaps, a malady of the brain was hindering its development.
I love the wild not less than the good.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
When death, the great Reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
People glorify all sorts of bravery except the bravery they might show on behalf of their nearest neighbors.
If this world is not to our taste, well, at all events there is Heaven, Hell, Annihilation—one or other of those large things, that huge scenic background of stars, fires, blue or black air.
You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts: nothing else will ever be of any service to them.
And then I looked at the stars, and considered how awful it would be for a man to turn his face up to them as he froze to death, and see no help or pity in all the glittering multitude.
I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning, said Alice a little timidly: but it’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
People could put up with being bitten by a wolf but what properly riled them was a bite from a sheep.
She hardly knew what she had been seeking, or why the failure to find it had so blotted the light from her sky: she was only aware of a vague sense of failure, of an inner isolation deeper than the loneliness about her.
The night had made a sharp difference in the weather and there was an autumn flavour in the air.
I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife.
By being happy, we sow anonymous benefits upon the world, which remain unknown even to ourselves, or when they are disclosed, surprise nobody so much as the benefactor.
But, —and there it is, —we want to live and move, though we have no reason to, because it happens that it is the nature of life to live and move, to want to live and move.
Success in warfare is gained by carefully accommodating ourselves to the enemy’s purpose.
In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clenched fist none.
Love is like a tree; it sprouts forth of itself, sends its roots out deeply through our whole being, and often continues to flourish greenly over a heart in ruins.
Her reputation of reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic; it was supposed to engender difficult questions and to keep the conversation at a low temperature.
He made me see what Life is, and what Death signifies, and why Love is stronger than both.
The true perfection of man lies, not in what man has, but in what man is.
There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn, either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie.
He had known what love was a sharp pang, a fierce experience, in the midst of whose flames he was struggling! but, through the furnace he would fight his way out into the serenity of middle age, all the richer and more human for having known this great passion.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
We must never look for discretion in first love.
When you’re human, Ark, I love you; but somehow it seems as though you had forgotten how to be human for the last twenty years.
In every country where independence has taken the place of liberty, the first desire of a manly heart is to possess a weapon, which at once renders him capable of defence or attack, and, by rendering its owner terrible, often makes him feared.
Then I would you were so honest a man.
He had the unfortunate capacity many men, especially Russians, have of seeing and believing in the possibility of goodness and truth, but of seeing the evil and falsehood of life too clearly to be able to take a serious part in it.
When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air.
Happiness, remarked Maury Noble one day, is only the first hour after the alleviation of some especially intense misery.
Money is not made in the light.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
It is not night when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night; Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you, in my respect, are all the world.
‘You are too young to know how the world changes every day,’said Mrs. Creakle,‘and how the people in it pass away.
Joy and grief were mingled in the cup; but there were no bitter tears: for even grief itself arose so softened, and clothed in such sweet and tender recollections, that it became a solemn pleasure, and lost all character of pain.
I am not a fool, you know, although I am a woman, and have my woman’s moments.
She says it's really not very flattering to her that the women who fall in love with her husband are so uncommonly second-rate.
There are few men to whom it is the most important thing in the world, and they are not very interesting ones; even women, with whom the subject is of paramount interest, have a contempt for them.
ALICE I don't see how you can _ever_ finish, if you don't begin.
I should like to know one thing more: how far they were open with one another that day and night and all this time since? Was it all put into _words_, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it.
In this hour, Siddhartha stopped fighting his fate, stopped suffering.
The Buddha went on his way, modestly and deep in his thoughts, his calm face was neither happy nor sad, it seemed to smile quietly and inwardly.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
To muse for long unwearied hours, with my attention riveted to some frivolous device on the margin, or in the typography of a book; to become absorbed, for the better part of a summer’s day, in a quaint shadow falling aslant upon the tapestry or upon the floor; to lose myself, for an entire night, in watching the steady flame of a lamp, or the embers of a fire; to dream away whole days over the perfume of a flower; to repeat, monotonously, some common word, until the sound, by dint of frequent repetition, ceased to convey any idea whatever to the mind; to lose all sense of motion or physical existence, by means of absolute bodily quiescence long and obstinately persevered in: such were a few of the most common and least pernicious vagaries induced by a condition of the mental faculties, not, indeed, altogether unparalleled, but certainly bidding defiance to anything like analysis or explanation.
The world as he saw it was a fierce and brutal world, a world without warmth, a world in which caresses and affection and the bright sweetnesses of the spirit did not exist.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
I can't love you unless I give you up.
The real alchemy consists in being able to turn gold back again into something else; and that's the secret that most of your friends have lost.
No; you want a deliberate belief.
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
’Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forc’d breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected haviour of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shows of grief, That can denote me truly.
She agreed.
We must have done something very wicked before we were born, or else we must be going to be very happy indeed when we are dead, for God to let this life have all the tortures of expiation and all the sorrows of an ordeal.
All other swindlers upon earth are nothing to the self-swindlers, and with such pretences did I cheat myself.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
It seemed as though he knew both what he was and for what he was living, for he acted and lived resolutely and without hesitation.
Seriously The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners or any other particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls: in short, behaving as if you were in Heaven, where there are no third-class carriages, and one soul is as good as another.
Hence the saying: One may _know_ how to conquer without being able to _do_ it.
Conceal your dispositions, and your condition will remain secret, which leads to victory; show your dispositions, and your condition will become patent, which leads to defeat.
The end and aim of spying in all its five varieties is knowledge of the enemy; and this knowledge can only be derived, in the first instance, from the converted spy.
True or false, that which is said of men often occupies as important a place in their lives, and above all in their destinies, as that which they do.
I danced until I was so tired I couldn't dance another step.
The bright dawn flooded the room and swept the fantastic shadows into dusky corners, where they lay shuddering.
It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things.
Wealth is certainly a most desirable thing, but poverty has its sunny side, and one of the sweet uses of adversity is the genuine satisfaction which comes from hearty work of head or hand, and to the inspiration of necessity, we owe half the wise, beautiful, and useful blessings of the world.
That was comprehensible.
Forgive me, dear, I can’t help seeing that you are very lonely, and sometimes there is a hungry look in your eyes that goes to my heart.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
_Alon._ I long To hear the story of your life, which must Take the ear strangely.
A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear.
It is only when a man feels himself face to face with such horrors that he can understand their true import.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
And if you deliver an opinion at all, it is mere stupidity not to do it with an air of conviction and well-founded knowledge.
She wanted some explanation of this hard, real life, —the unhappy-looking father, seated at the dull breakfast-table; the childish, bewildered mother; the little sordid tasks that filled the hours, or the more oppressive emptiness of weary, joyless leisure; the need of some tender, demonstrative love; the cruel sense that Tom didn’t mind what she thought or felt, and that they were no longer playfellows together; the privation of all pleasant things that had come to _her_ more than to others, —she wanted some key that would enable her to understand, and in understanding, to endure, the heavy weight that had fallen on her young heart.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
It is the bungled crime that brings remorse.
XLIII When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see, For all the day they view things unrespected; But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee, And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.
At the moment when her eyes closed, when all feeling vanished in her, she thought that she felt a touch of fire imprinted upon her lips, a kiss more burning than the red-hot iron of the executioner.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
I am like thee, O, Night, silent and deep; and in the heart of my loneliness lies a Goddess in child-bed; and in him who is being born Heaven touches Hell.
I have read all that the wise men have written, and all the secrets of philosophy are mine, yet for want of a red rose is my life made wretched.
In fact the two things rarely go together.
The world seemed to me finer because you were in it, and goodness more real because you lived.
_Looking up_.
It makes but little difference whether you are committed to a farm or the county jail.
It is not for a man to put himself in such an attitude to society, but to maintain himself in whatever attitude he find himself through obedience to the laws of his being, which will never be one of opposition to a just government, if he should chance to meet with such.
For one very rich man, there must be at least five hundred poor, and the affluence of the few supposes the indigence of the many.
The dim, dusty room, with the busts staring down from the tall bookcases, the cozy chairs, the globes, and best of all, the wilderness of books in which she could wander where she liked, made the library a region of bliss to her.
When, on the other hand, it happens that the State is too small for its ruler, in these rare cases too it is ill governed, because the ruler, constantly pursuing his great designs, forgets the interests of the people, and makes it no less wretched by misusing the talents he has, than a ruler of less capacity would make it for want of those he had not.
The rest of humanity seemed very remote in comparison with this woman whose company I had left but a moment ago: my cheek was still warm with her kiss, my body bent beneath the weight of hers.
Do thou so too, and all shall be well.
That I couldn’t conceive a position in which life would not be a misery, that we are all created to be miserable, and that we all know it, and all invent means of deceiving each other.
Scenes of blood and cruelty are shocking to our ear and heart.
You see, I am fate, it shouted, and stronger than your puny plans; and I am how-things-turn-out and I am different from your little dreams, and I am the flight of time and the end of beauty and unfulfilled desire; all the accidents and imperceptions and the little minutes that shape the crucial hours are mine.
There are no secrets better kept than the secrets everybody guesses.
Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Truly, now, said Michael Mail, clearing the corner of his throat in the manner of a man who meant to be convincing; there's a friendly tie of some sort between music and eating.
If Sara had been a boy and lived a few centuries ago, her father used to say, she would have gone about the country with her sword drawn, rescuing and defending everyone in distress.
It’s very lovely, and it’s very horrible, —but I won’t let you see anything horrid, —and it doesn’t care your life or mine for pictures or anything else except doing its own work and making love.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
Under cover of her silence he pressed her arm closely to his side; and, as they stood at the hotel door, he felt that they had escaped from their lives and duties, escaped from home and friends and run away together with wild and radiant hearts to a new adventure.
For the chief malady of man is restless curiosity about things which he can not understand; and it is not so bad for him to be in error as to be curious to no purpose.
That he allowed the master these liberties was no reason that he should be a common dog, loving here and loving there, everybody’s property for a romp and good time.
There was a kindliness about intoxication there was that indescribable gloss and glamour it gave, like the memories of ephemeral and faded evenings.
The fire blazing in her dark and injured heart seemed to glow around her like a flame.
It’s no company at all, when people know nothing and say nothing, she muttered.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
What she does is just the contrary she fastens their eyelids open, so that they're never again in the blessed darkness.
He had known the love that is fed on caresses and feeds them; but this passion that was closer than his bones was not to be superficially satisfied.
I have always thought that a wild animal never looks so well as when some obstacle of pronounced durability is between us; a personal experience has intensified rather than diminished that idea.
I have ever found them the meanest and basest, the most cruel and cowardly, of all others.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
But then, even in the most insignificant details of our daily life, none of us can be said to constitute a material whole, which is identical for everyone, and need only be turned up like a page in an account-book or the record of a will; our social personality is created by the thoughts of other people.
Nay, it may be held with intense satisfaction when the depth of our sinning is but a measure for the depth of forgiveness, and a clenching proof that we are peculiar instruments of the divine intention.
Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life—the life which has a seed of ennobling thought and purpose within it—can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances.
I didn’t know what he was playing up to if he was playing up to anything at all and I suspect he did not know either; for it is my belief no man ever understands quite his own artful dodges to escape from the grim shadow of self-knowledge. I made no sound all the time he was wondering what he had better do after that stupid inquiry was over.
Not Forgive us our sins but Smite us for our iniquities should be the prayer of man to a most just God.
talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first season you will have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
I really think that should satisfy you, Lady Bracknell.
Are you absolutely hardened? The truth is that when one is still a child or even if one is grown up and has been well fed, and has slept long and softly and warm; when one has gone to sleep in the midst of a fairy story, and has wakened to find it real, one can not be unhappy or even look as if one were; and one could not, if one tried, keep a glow of joy out of one's eyes.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
What a living spring—what a warm, glad summer—what soft moonlight, silvering the autumn evenings—what strength of hope under the ice-bound waters and frost-hoar fields of that year’s winter! Through that year my heart lived with Frank’s heart.
Perhaps the beginning is just to say nice things are going to happen until you make them happen.
Adversity tries people, and mine has tried you and proved how nice you are.
It was misunderstood for fear, and such misunderstandings made for death.
Oh, why must a man like that be made unhappy when there are lots of girls about who would worship the very ground he trod on? I know I would if I were free only I don't want to be free.
One morning, in cool blood, I slipped a noose about its neck and hung it to the limb of a tree; —hung it with the tears streaming from my eyes, and with the bitterest remorse at my heart; —hung it _because_ I knew that it had loved me, and _because_ I felt it had given me no reason of offence; —hung it _because_ I knew that in so doing I was committing a sin—a deadly sin that would so jeopardize my immortal soul as to place it—if such a thing wore possible—even beyond the reach of the infinite mercy of the Most Merciful and Most Terrible God.
In all respects he is more than worthy of you.
I ask one thing only: I ask for the right to hope, to suffer as I do.
When the outlook is bright, bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy.
You can ensure the safety of your defence if you only hold positions that can not be attacked.
The commentators explain this rather singular piece of advice by saying that a man whose heart is set on returning home will fight to the death against any attempt to bar his way, and is therefore too dangerous an opponent to be tackled.
'In fact you're so earnest about morality, old Georgie, that I hate to think how essentially immoral you must be underneath.
I think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude—and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating.
She sat facing him and facing the light; her full beauty met his eye; her round white flexile throat rising out of the full, yet lithe figure; her lips moving so slightly as she spoke, not breaking the cold serene look of her face with any variation from the one lovely haughty curve; her eyes, with their soft gloom, meeting his with quiet maiden freedom.
It is a moral teething; and I grind with greater energy in proportion to the increase of pain.
We should be blessed if we lived in the present always, and took advantage of every accident that befell us, like the grass which confesses the influence of the slightest dew that falls on it; and did not spend our time in atoning for the neglect of past opportunities, which we call doing our duty.
You are the most earnest-looking person I ever saw in my life.
All reasons are absurd.
It is the only way to eat them.
It is this what you mean, isn’t it: that the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future? This it is, said Siddhartha.
I pity with all my heart the artist, whether he writes or paints, who is entirely dependent for subsistence upon his art.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
You think of everything.
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
You’re always begging things to love you, he said, as if you were a beggar for love.
All those frivolities of summer, the light and shadow, the living mask of green that trembled over everything, they were lies, and this is what was underneath.
And he stood on the threshold of the freedom for which the blood of the centuries behind him had been spilled.
The word which can never die on this earth, for it is the heart of it and the meaning and the glory.
Language is the most massive and inclusive art we know, a mountainous and anonymous work of unconscious generations.
You will see great sorrow, and in that sorrow you will be happy.
Man, said the Ghost, if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered What the surplus is, and Where it is.
For, what other dungeon is so dark as one’s own heart! What jailer so inexorable as one’s self! But it would be no fair picture of Clifford’s state of mind were we to represent him as continually or prevailingly wretched.
In another moment she suppressed this emotion; and said with an aspect more triumphant than dejected:‘We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear.
And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness, because it was that which gave the humanity.
The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.
’Tis just: And it is very much lamented, Brutus, That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye, That you might see your shadow.
If you come to think of it, what a queer thing Life is! So unlike anything else, don’t you know, if you see what I mean.
From the earliest epoch of her conscious life, she had entered upon this as her appointed mission.
I simply felt that he lived in a depth of moral isolation too remote for casual access, and I had the sense that his loneliness was not merely the result of his personal plight, tragic as I guessed that to be, but had in it, as Harmon Gow had hinted, the profound accumulated cold of many Starkfield winters.
It appeared that nobody ever said a thing they meant, or ever talked of a feeling they felt, but that was what music was for.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
VII WINTER lies too long in country towns; hangs on until it is stale and shabby, old and sullen.
It would be an easy map if that were all, but there is also first day at school, religion, fathers, the round pond, needle-work, murders, hangings, verbs that take the dative, chocolate pudding day, getting into braces, say ninety-nine, three-pence for pulling out your tooth yourself, and so on, and either these are part of the island or they are another map showing through, and it is all rather confusing, especially as nothing will stand still.
I have never felt myself so much drawn to a man as you.
Thus, fear of danger is ten thousand times more terrifying than danger itself, when apparent to the eyes; and we find the burden of anxiety greater, by much, than the evil which we are anxious about: and what was worse than all this, I had not that relief in this trouble that from the resignation I used to practise I hoped to have.
There are many Beths in the world, shy and quiet, sitting in corners till needed, and living for others so cheerfully that no one sees the sacrifices till the little cricket on the hearth stops chirping, and the sweet, sunshiny presence vanishes, leaving silence and shadow behind.
Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one’s spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
I would far rather have two or three lilies of the valley gathered for me by a person I like, than the most expensive bouquet that could be bought!
It is not everyone who can sit comfortably in a set of college rooms and let his riches grow without any exertion of his own.
He hath a stern look, but a gentle heart; Let him come back, that his compassion may Give life to yours.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
Let us confine ourselves to prayer, when we think that a danger is approaching us.
He says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
I dare say that some of you have wondered why our preparations have been so deliberately undertaken.
She says it has nothing to do with what you look like, or what you have.
I love to be alone.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Most people become bankrupt through having invested too heavily in the prose of life.
But the happiness of a married man, my dear Gerald, depends on the people he has not married.
I want to cut off her head and take out her heart.
Children can feel, but they can not analyse their feelings; and if the analysis is partially effected in thought, they know not how to express the result of the process in words.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
In our nature, however, there is a provision, alike marvellous and merciful, that the sufferer should never know the intensity of what he endures by its present torture, but chiefly by the pang that rankles after it.
There is nothing, Umbopa, that he can not do, there are no mountains he may not climb, there are no deserts he can not cross, save a mountain and a desert of which you are spared the knowledge, if love leads him and he holds his life in his hands counting it as nothing, ready to keep it or lose it as Heaven above may order.
And I can’t admit of an old boy of a God who takes walks in his garden with a cane in his hand, who lodges his friends in the belly of whales, dies uttering a cry, and rises again at the end of three days; things absurd in themselves, and completely opposed, moreover, to all physical laws, which prove to us, by the way, that priests have always wallowed in turpid ignorance, in which they would fain engulf the people with them.
Death lies on her like an untimely frost Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
If he sends reinforcements everywhere, he will everywhere be weak.
I found myself back in the sepulchral city resenting the sight of people hurrying through the streets to filch a little money from each other, to devour their infamous cookery, to gulp their unwholesome beer, to dream their insignificant and silly dreams.
Though their life was modest they believed in eating well; the best of everything: diamond-bone sirloins, three-shilling tea and the best bottled stout.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide.
There was no use in trying to emancipate a wife who had not the dimmest notion that she was not free; and he had long since discovered that May's only use of the liberty she supposed herself to possess would be to lay it on the altar of her wifely adoration.
An Englishman reading them would say that Caesar was a man of great common sense and good taste, meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Darkness is cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
What other people may think of the rightness or wrongness is nothing in comparison to my own deep knowledge, my innate conviction that it was wrong.
He knelt by her side, to bring his face to a level with her ear; and whispered panted out the words: Take care.
He had sunk from his modest elevation as pastoral king into the very slime-pits of Siddim; but there was left to him a dignified calm he had never before known, and that indifference to fate which, though it often makes a villain of a man, is the basis of his sublimity when it does not.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
In one word, Queequeg, said I, rather digressively; hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.
No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
I knew something was going to happen.
There’s nothing low In love, when love the lowest: meanest creatures Who love God, God accepts while loving so.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
It has taken such deep root in me—my gratitude to him for always loving me best, and minding so much if I hurt myself, from the time when we were very little.
No one so dislikes being punished unjustly as the person who might have been punished justly on scores of previous occasions, if he had only been found out.
It is a peculiarity of situations of this kind that the ideas of debtor and creditor as to what constitutes a good time never coincide.
N/A
He could not forget in a day all the evil that had been wrought him at the hands of men.
It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia, normally as genial a bird as ever encouraged a gaggle of hounds to get their noses down to it, lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them.
Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.
I admit that we are taught that God is everywhere; but we also believe that there is air everywhere, at least in our atmosphere; and the word Spirit meant originally nothing more than breath and wind.
There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing, perhaps, Margaret thought, the very robin that her father had so often talked of as his winter pet, and for which he had made, with his own hands, a kind of robin-house by his study-window.
All the years that have passed have not dimmed my memory of that first glorious autumn.
Yet there are worse things in the world than that.
Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven or to hell.
To discover the mode of life or of art whereby your spirit could express itself in unfettered freedom.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Now I know that no one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
You can lose a friend in springtime easier than any other season if you’re too curious.
On errands of life, these letters speed to death.
I found her several times making notes in the book, and she always declared that when a woman loves, she can not do as Manon did.
People, in that case, are less conscious of the horrible pressure that is being put on them, and so go through their lives in a sort of coarse comfort, like petted animals, without ever realising that they are probably thinking other people’s thoughts, living by other people’s standards, wearing practically what one may call other people’s second-hand clothes, and never being themselves for a single moment.
Confucius said, To know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge. When one man has reduced a fact of the imagination to be a fact to his understanding, I foresee that all men at length establish their lives on that basis.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise.
A personality within it was so far-reaching in her influence as to spread into and make the bricks, mortar, and whole overhanging sky throb with a burning sensibility.
O, here Will I set up my everlasting rest; And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars From this world-wearied flesh.
Nobody in the whole world knows what I am going through now, and no one ever can know.
But being in love doesn’t mean loving.
Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour, Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of absence sour, When you have bid your servant once adieu; Nor dare I question with my jealous thought Where you may be, or your affairs suppose, But, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought Save, where you are, how happy you make those.
It all depends on our will.
She could not but admit that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
A woman can forgive a man for the harm he does her, he said, but she can never forgive him for the sacrifices he makes on her account.
It's better worth being late for a chance of winning you than being in time for any other girl in the world.
Beyond all things, I want you as my wife.
True love rules above all through recollection.
You concede nothing to me and I have to concede everything to you.
And as mere human knowledge can split a ray of light and analyse the manner of its composition, so, sublimer intelligences may read in the feeble shining of this earth of ours, every thought and act, every vice and virtue, of every responsible creature on it.
Then only was he permitted to be seen, spectacularly poring over large books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the general weight of the establishment.
It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
The morning, which is the most memorable season of the day, is the awakening hour.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
No one ever does, except vegetarians and people like that.
When I came hither I slipped in blood, which is an evil omen; and I heard, I am sure I heard in the air a beating of wings, a beating of giant wings.
If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst.
For myself, I always assume that a lion is ferocious, and so I am never caught off my guard.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX ARTISTIC ATTEMPTS It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
It was the old New York way of taking life without effusion of blood: the way of people who dreaded scandal more than disease, who placed decency above courage, and who considered that nothing was more ill-bred than scenes, except the behaviour of those who gave rise to them.
I don’t like work—no man does—but I like what is in the work—the chance to find yourself.
A woman, I consider, should be womanly.
I had neither kith nor kin in England, and was therefore as free as air or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be.
He remarks that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty.
One does not fall in love with a girl whom one has met only three times.
All these traces of his life seemed to clutch him, and to say to him: No, you’re not going to get away from us, and you’re not going to be different, but you’re going to be the same as you’ve always been; with doubts, everlasting dissatisfaction with yourself, vain efforts to amend, and falls, and everlasting expectation, of a happiness which you won’t get, and which isn’t possible for you.
THE END THE TALE OF THE FLOPSY BUNNIES FOR ALL LITTLE FRIENDS OF MR. McGREGOR & PETER & BENJAMIN IT is said that the effect of eating too much lettuce is soporific.
I care not in this moment sweet, Though all I have rushed o’er Should come on pinion, strong and fleet, Proclaiming vengeance sore: Though haughty Hate should strike me down, Right, bar approach to me, And grinding Might, with furious frown, Swear endless enmity.
But the Raven, sitting lonely on the placid bust, spoke only 55 That one word, as if his soul in that one word he did outpour.
Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions a walk, a talk, solitude in one's own orchard can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind.
They all dreamt of each other that night, as was natural, considering how thin the partitions were between them, and how strangely they had been lifted off the earth to sit next each other in mid-ocean, and see every detail of each other’s faces, and hear whatever they chanced to say.
Few things hold the perceptions more thoroughly captive than anxiety about what we have got to say.
Nobody moved for a time.
_Seb._ He receives comfort like cold porridge.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
To the untrue man, the whole universe is false, —it is impalpable, —it shrinks to nothing within his grasp.
Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject.
Her whole being dilated in an atmosphere of luxury; it was the background she required, the only climate she could breathe in.
Come, old boy, you had much better have the thing out at once.
Nothing annoys people so much as not receiving invitations.
You love the beauty that you can see and touch and handle, the beauty that you can destroy, and do destroy, but of the unseen beauty of life, of the unseen beauty of a higher life, you know nothing.
Reformed, you would be perfectly tedious.
Most men, even in this comparatively free country, through mere ignorance and mistake, are so occupied with the factitious cares and superfluously coarse labors of life that its finer fruits can not be plucked by them. Their fingers, from excessive toil, are too clumsy and tremble too much for that.
There will never be a really free and enlightened State, until the State comes to recognize the individual as a higher and independent power, from which all its own power and authority are derived, and treats him accordingly.
Killing arphids is a dark art.
We are not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar with the face of the country—its mountains and forests, its pitfalls and precipices, its marshes and swamps.
All about an immense plain, patched with a thousand sorts of cultivated plots, sown with fine villages.
My dear girls, I am ambitious for you, but not to have you make a dash in the world, marry rich men merely because they are rich, or have splendid houses, which are not homes because love is wanting.
His mind was as nearly a blank as it is possible for the human mind to be.
For, so inconsistent is human nature, especially in the ideal, that not to undertake a thing at all seems better than to undertake and come short.
But, as he told her, the more he did nothing, the less time he had to do anything.
In sunshine, in prosperity, the flowers are very well; but how many wet days are there in life November seasons of disaster, when a man’s hearth and home would be cold indeed, without the clear, cheering gleam of intellect.
While the flowers, pale and unreal in the moonlight, floated away upon the river; and thus do greater things that once were in our breasts, and near our hearts, flow from us to the eternal seas.
But we are ourselves, you know, and this is _now_, not some time to come, a long, long way off.
There is a strength to endure everything, Ivan said with a cold smile.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
I mean from henceforth to lead a life of extreme seclusion; you must not be surprised, nor must you doubt my friendship, if my door is often shut even to you.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
The advancing hours make it strong: by midnight, all sleepless watchers hear and fear a wild south-west storm.
But, tears were not the things to find their way to Mr. Bumble’s soul; his heart was waterproof.
She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that its light can be here on earth.
Shows what a rotten thing it is to let your brain develop too much.
And yet, unless my senses deceive me, the old centuries had, and have, powers of their own which mere modernity can not kill.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
Chapter II: In Santa Croce with No Baedeker It was pleasant to wake up in Florence, to open the eyes upon a bright bare room, with a floor of red tiles which look clean though they are not; with a painted ceiling whereon pink griffins and blue amorini sport in a forest of yellow violins and bassoons.
Perhaps kind thoughts reach people somehow, even through windows and doors and walls.
All the years that have passed have not dimmed my memory of that first glorious autumn.
(It is wonderful what tricks our dreams play us, and how conveniently we can imagine.
Perhaps one may come across something reassuring.
I do think you’re mean.
I never told my love vocally; still, if looks have language, the merest idiot might have guessed I was over head and ears: she understood me at last, and looked a return—the sweetest of all imaginable looks.
Your cold blood can not be worked into a fever: your veins are full of ice-water; but mine are boiling, and the sight of such chillness makes them dance.
They belonged to the vast group of human automata who go through life without neglecting to perform a single one of the gestures executed by the surrounding puppets.
Jo’s breath gave out here, and wrapping her head in the paper, she bedewed her little story with a few natural tears, for to be independent and earn the praise of those she loved were the dearest wishes of her heart, and this seemed to be the first step toward that happy end.
Mark this: as long as people are afraid, they will rot like the birches in the marsh.
You can ensure the safety of your defence if you only hold positions that can not be attacked.
To say she was so occupied is to say that her solitude did not press upon her; for her love of knowledge had a fertilising quality and her imagination was strong.
But I managed to preserve an undisturbed though grave serenity throughout the day.
They were simply so many bags of bones in which sparks of life fluttered faintly.
It did not take long.
You can not pass, monsieurs.
But then her day had been a long one, Mother Stuart had thrown the tea-cosy; there are formidable sights in the streets, and though Florinda was ignorant as an owl, and would never learn to read even her love letters correctly, still she had her feelings, liked some men better than others, and was entirely at the beck and call of life.
He sits motionless, like a spider in the centre of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
He fumbles at your spirit As players at the keys Before they drop full music on; He stuns you by degrees, Prepares your brittle substance For the ethereal blow, By fainter hammers, further heard, Then nearer, then so slow Your breath has time to straighten, Your brain to bubble cool, Deals one imperial thunderbolt That scalps your naked soul.
But passion lends them power, time means, to meet, Tempering extremities with extreme sweet.
Thunder and Lightning.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
But that a joy past joy calls out on me, It were a grief so brief to part with thee.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, That I am meek and gentle with these butchers.
Give me some music: music, moody food Of us that trade in love: the words are Cleopatra's.
Peace! —the charm’s wound up.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by post, a day or two previous.
We learn _words_ by rote, but not their meaning; _that_ must be paid for with our life-blood, and printed in the subtle fibres of our nerves.
It is in the slow, changed life that follows; in the time when sorrow has become stale, and has no longer an emotive intensity that counteracts its pain; in the time when day follows day in dull, unexpectant sameness, and trial is a dreary routine, —it is then that despair threatens; it is then that the peremptory hunger of the soul is felt, and eye and ear are strained after some unlearned secret of our existence, which shall give to endurance the nature of satisfaction.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
Our dead are never dead to us until we have forgotten them: they can be injured by us, they can be wounded; they know all our penitence, all our aching sense that their place is empty, all the kisses we bestow on the smallest relic of their presence.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
She is like the shadow of a white rose in a mirror of silver.
The lines in the face were few but firm, as if they were carved in marble, and lay principally about the lips, which were slightly compressed, over a set of teeth so faultless and beautiful as to give the effect of sudden sunlight when the rare bright smile, coming in an instant and shining out of the eyes, changed the whole look from the severe and resolved expression of a man ready to do and dare everything, to the keen, honest, enjoyment of the moment, which is seldom shown so fearlessly and instantaneously except by children.
It was a little golden thread running through the dark web of his present fortunes; which were growing ever gloomier and more gloomy.
Signs are small measurable things, but interpretations are illimitable, and in girls of sweet, ardent nature, every sign is apt to conjure up wonder, hope, belief, vast as a sky, and colored by a diffused thimbleful of matter in the shape of knowledge.
RAIN The rain is raining all around, It falls on field and tree, It rains on the umbrellas here, And on the ships at sea.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody’s expense but his own.
Sense would resist delirium: judgment would warn passion.
I would fain exercise some better faculty than that of fierce speaking; fain find nourishment for some less fiendish feeling than that of sombre indignation.
He was a man without a past, whose future was the imminent grave and whose present was a bitter fever of living.
I’m afraid I shall do something dreadful some day, and spoil my life, and make everybody hate me.
I can say only that I knew the gnawing of a desire for vengeance on him that was a pain in itself and that exceeded all the bounds of language.
We'll not think of letting her go away till she's fit to travel.
Whether in an advantageous position or a disadvantageous one, says Ts’ao Kung, the opposite state should be always present to your mind.
The difference is that these young people take it for granted that they're going to get whatever they want, and that we almost always took it for granted that we shouldn't.
And all the while, I suppose, he thought, real people were living somewhere, and real things happening to them.
He might as well plant an oak in a flower-pot, and expect it to thrive, as imagine he can restore her to vigour in the soil of his shallow cares!
All we have ever managed to do is to pay our rent, the exorbitant rent that one has to pay for a few square feet of space near the heart of things.
There are women who spread ruin around them through no fault of theirs, just by being too beautiful, too full of life and love.
I am alarmed when it happens that I have walked a mile into the woods bodily, without getting there in spirit.
If he had all Peru in his pocket, he would certainly have given it to the dancer; but Gringoire had not Peru, and, moreover, America had not yet been discovered.
So I says My dear if you could give me a cup of tea to clear my muddle of a head I should better understand your affairs.
There lies your love.
The charm dissolves apace; And as the morning steals upon the night, 65 Melting the darkness, so their rising senses Begin to chase the ignorant fumes that mantle Their clearer reason.
Adieu, my lord, I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze, But that this folly douts it.
Not I, believe me, you have dancing shoes, With nimble soles, I have a soul of lead So stakes me to the ground I can not move.
He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes’bove wisdom, grace, and fear.
Now I am well aware that pettiness and grandeur, malice and charity, hatred and love, can find place side by side in the same human heart.
He has had time to take care of his health and his spirits; he has been a great deal in the open air, which is the most salutary of all things for both body and mind; and if he has never read the great Book in very recondite places, he has dipped into it and skimmed it over to excellent purpose.
It occurs once in the history of the most gigantic passions, and it is a period when they are in the hands of the weakest will.
Our present subject is very obscure, but, from its importance, must be discussed at some little length; and it is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance.
Well, my dear father, in the shipwreck of life—for life is an eternal shipwreck of our hopes—I cast into the sea my useless encumbrance, that is all, and I remain with my own will, disposed to live perfectly alone, and consequently perfectly free.
Besides, said the abbe, God is merciful to all, as he has been to you; he is first a father, then a judge.
It is because Humanity has never known where it was going that it has been able to find its way.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
You are not married to her already, and I don’t think you ever will be.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
But my experience is that as soon as people are old enough to know better, they don’t know anything at all.
Indeed, in many respects, she was quite English, and was an excellent example of the fact that we have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
In good society that always whitewashes a woman.
The quick zest with which you are now reading Homer, shows me that you do not come to it as an unknown book: you have read it before, and are only recalling your old knowledge.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
I have no character left at all.
Thought and language are to the artist instruments of an art.
Because lips libertine and venal had murmured such words to him, he believed but little in the candour of hers; exaggerated speeches hiding mediocre affections must be discounted; as if the fullness of the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest metaphors, since no one can ever give the exact measure of his needs, nor of his conceptions, nor of his sorrows; and since human speech is like a cracked tin kettle, on which we hammer out tunes to make bears dance when we long to move the stars.
I often have long conversations all by myself, and I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.
But then the only things that one can use in fiction are the things that one has ceased to use in fact. Believe me, no civilized man ever regrets a pleasure, and no uncivilized man ever knows what a pleasure is.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It is like handling brier-roses and may-blossoms, bright enough to the eye, and outwardly soft to the touch, but you know there are thorns beneath, and every now and then you feel them too; and perhaps resent the injury by crushing them in till you have destroyed their power, though somewhat to the detriment of your own fingers.
XXIII As an unperfect actor on the stage, Who with his fear is put beside his part, Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage, Whose strength’s abundance weakens his own heart; So I, for fear of trust, forget to say The perfect ceremony of love’s rite, And in mine own love’s strength seem to decay, O’ercharg’d with burthen of mine own love’s might.
It is when we try to grapple with another man’s intimate need that we perceive how incomprehensible, wavering, and misty are the beings that share with us the sight of the stars and the warmth of the sun. It is as if loneliness were a hard and absolute condition of existence; the envelope of flesh and blood on which our eyes are fixed melts before the outstretched hand, and there remains only the capricious, unconsolable, and elusive spirit that no eye can follow, no hand can grasp.
Look when I vow, I weep; and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears.
Go thither and with unattainted eye, Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
Between the acting of a dreadful thing And the first motion, all the interim is Like a phantasma, or a hideous dream: The genius and the mortal instruments Are then in council; and the state of man, Like to a little kingdom, suffers then The nature of an insurrection.
you have a short memory.
I gave him my heart, and he took and pinched it to death, and flung it back to me.
And there you see the distinction between our feelings: had he been in my place, and I in his, though I hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall, I never would have raised a hand against him.
George’s son had done his work so thoroughly that he was considered too good a workman to live, and was, in fact, taken and tragically shot at twelve o’clock that same day—another instance of the untoward fate which so often attends dogs and other philosophers who follow out a train of reasoning to its logical conclusion, and attempt perfectly consistent conduct in a world made up so largely of compromise.
He looked haggard and careworn, like a Borgia who has suddenly remembered that he has forgotten to shove cyanide in the _consomme_, and the dinner gong due any moment.
What you want, my lad, and what you're going to get are two very different things.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
Everything is, however, now reopened; and what is to be the end God only knows.
It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature.
She’s not a particular warm-hearted creature to my thinking, though she cares for him pretty middling much—as much as she’s able to; and he could make her heart ache a bit if he liked to try—which he’s too simple to do.
There is no man or woman born into this world to whom some of these trials do not fall, and so I feel that some of them must happen to you; and I desire for you, that while you are young you should seek for strength from your Heavenly Father, that you may have a support which will not fail you in the evil day.
And they laughed so that in the end they were making as much noise as if they had been two ordinary healthy natural ten-year-old creatures—instead of a hard, little, unloving girl and a sickly boy who believed that he was going to die.
The thousand injuries of Fortunato I had borne as I best could; but when he ventured upon insult, I vowed revenge.
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, 105 And the lamp-lighto'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor: And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted nevermore.
To forget himself in sleep was impossible now, at least till nighttime; he could not go back now to the music sung by the decanter-women; so he must forget himself in the dream of daily life.
Sometimes since I’ve been in the garden I’ve looked up through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being happy as if something were pushing and drawing in my chest and making me breathe fast.
One of the things I am going to do, after the Magic works and before I begin to make scientific discoveries, is to be an athlete.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
He halted under a tree and allowed the rhythm to die away.
He had but one word for both these kinds of toil; he called them _gardening_.
Here she succeeded better, for she was one of those happily created beings who please without effort, make friends everywhere, and take life so gracefully and easily that less fortunate souls are tempted to believe that such are born under a lucky star.
My dear girls, I am ambitious for you, but not to have you make a dash in the world, marry rich men merely because they are rich, or have splendid houses, which are not homes because love is wanting.
such spots are there on the disc of the clearest planet; and eyes like Miss Scatcherd’s can only see those minute defects, and are blind to the full brightness of the orb.
If there are words and wrongs like knives, whose deep-inflicted lacerations never heal—cutting injuries and insults of serrated and poison-dripping edge—so, too, there are consolations of tone too fine for the ear not fondly and for ever to retain their echo: caressing kindnesses—loved, lingered over through a whole life, recalled with unfaded tenderness, and answering the call with undimmed shine, out of that raven cloud foreshadowing Death himself.
Heredity CHAPTER XXI.
The Funeral.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
Well, you know, women are often under the impression that men are much more madly in love with them than they really are.
I remember one man who couldn’t get any work to do and his wife died, so he pawned his clothes and bought a revolver; but he made a mess of it, he only shot out an eye and he got all right.
In giving to the character of his invention flesh and bones he is giving life to that part of himself which finds no other means of expression.
Nothing can undo it; nothing can make it otherwise than as it was.
But one fact he made clear to me; people talk of beauty lightly, and having no feeling for words, they use that one carelessly, so that it loses its force; and the thing it stands for, sharing its name with a hundred trivial objects, is deprived of dignity.
And O what a bright old song it is, that O‘tis love,‘tis love,‘tis love that makes the world go round!
I must be cruel, only to be kind: Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
The dreamer if you want an exact definition is not a human being, but a creature of an intermediate sort.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Children will come, probably not my own either certainly not my own: a wise man is not afraid to face the truth.
It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is imagination the mother of truth? We will suppose that there was a guilty secret, a really shameful secret in the life of this man Douglas.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
One has always had a childhood, whatever one becomes.
It is difficult to begin without borrowing, but perhaps it is the most generous course thus to permit your fellow-men to have an interest in your enterprise.
The love born of beauty was not mine; I had nothing in common with it: I could not dare to meddle with it, but another love, venturing diffidently into life after long acquaintance, furnace-tried by pain, stamped by constancy, consolidated by affection’s pure and durable alloy, submitted by intellect to intellect’s own tests, and finally wrought up, by his own process, to his own unflawed completeness, this Love that laughed at Passion, his fast frenzies and his hot and hurried extinction, in _this_ Love I had a vested interest; and whatever tended either to its culture or its destruction, I could not view impassibly.
Love me, then, or hate me, as you will, I said at last, you have my full and free forgiveness: ask now for God’s, and be at peace.
When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak, the result is _collapse_.
Great results, he adds, can thus be achieved with small forces.
In a well-governed State, there are few punishments, not because there are many pardons, but because criminals are rare; it is when a State is in decay that the multitude of crimes is a guarantee of impunity.
Archer reddened to the temples, but dared not move or speak: it was as if her words had been some rare butterfly that the least motion might drive off on startled wings, but that might gather a flock about it if it were left undisturbed.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Men are so weak, and women are so unscrupulous.
I like books whose virtue is all drawn together in a page or two.
When the long winter nights come on and the wolves follow their meat into the lower valleys, he may be seen running at the head of the pack through the pale moonlight or glimmering borealis, leaping gigantic above his fellows, his great throat a-bellow as he sings a song of the younger world, which is the song of the pack.
There is a patience of the wild—dogged, tireless, persistent as life itself—that holds motionless for endless hours the spider in its web, the snake in its coils, the panther in its ambuscade; this patience belongs peculiarly to life when it hunts its living food; and it belonged to Buck as he clung to the flank of the herd, retarding its march, irritating the young bulls, worrying the cows with their half-grown calves, and driving the wounded bull mad with helpless rage.
So I shall just tell you the nice, interesting parts and in between you will understand that we had our meals and got up and went to bed, and dull things like that.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love. Everything is, everything exists, only because I love.
Everything was made bright by her.
I prefer to be foolish when I feel like it, and be accountable to nobody.
Like the tender fire of stars moments of their life together, that no one knew of or would ever know of, broke upon and illumined his memory.
It put me upon reflecting how little repining there would be among mankind at any condition of life if people would rather compare their condition with those that were worse, in order to be thankful, than be always comparing them with those which are better, to assist their murmurings and complainings.
He is himself his own World, his own Universe; of any other than himself he can form no conception; he knows not Length, nor Breadth, nor Height, for he has had no experience of them; he has no cognizance even of the number Two; nor has he a thought of Plurality; for he is himself his One and All, being really Nothing.
No one writes anything that is worth writing, unless he writes entirely for the sake of his subject.
The sky is like a black sieve pierced by silver drops that tremble, ready to burst through.
When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
All beasts are happy, For when they die Their souls are soon dissolved in elements; But mine must live still, and be plagued in hell.
And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
There is, one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath; like those fabled undulations of the Ephesian sod over the buried Evangelist St. John.
This good-fellowship—_camaraderie_—usually occurring through similarity of pursuits, is unfortunately seldom superadded to love between the sexes, because men and women associate, not in their labours, but in their pleasures merely. Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
Every mile was redolent of associations, which she would not have missed for the world, but each of which made her cry upon the days that are no more, with ineffable longing.
But yet men are led away from threatening destruction: a hand is put into theirs, which leads them forth gently towards a calm and bright land, so that they look no more backward; and the hand may be a little child’s.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
It was one of those dangerous moments when speech is at once sincere and deceptive; when feeling, rising high above its average depth, leaves floodmarks which are never reached again.
The butterflies are free.
And if you wish to receive of the ancient city an impression with which the modern one can no longer furnish you, climb—on the morning of some grand festival, beneath the rising sun of Easter or of Pentecost—climb upon some elevated point, whence you command the entire capital; and be present at the wakening of the chimes.
Great black clouds, heavy, torn, split, hung like crape hammocks beneath the starry dome of night.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
I sometimes think if we knew all, we should be more glad to get away.
For, Evil often stops short at itself and dies with the doer of it; but Good, never.
It is the only way to eat them.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and can not: that is all one can say.
It is said that every life has its roses and thorns; there seemed, however, to have been a misadventure or mistake in Stephen’s case, whereby somebody else had become possessed of his roses, and he had become possessed of the same somebody else’s thorns in addition to his own.
For the secret of man’s being is not only to live but to have something to live for.
In a morbid condition of the brain, dreams often have a singular actuality, vividness, and extraordinary semblance of reality.
Destiny stands by sarcastic with our dramatis personae folded in her hand.
To that deep charnel-house, where so many human remains and so many crimes have rotted in company, many great ones of this world, many innocent people, have contributed their bones, from Enguerrand Marigni, the first victim, and a just man, to Admiral Coligni, who was its last, and who was also a just man.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
Some of the best people that ever lived have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought not to consider poverty a crime.
The saddest birds a season find to sing.
We are eager to tunnel under the Atlantic and bring the old world some weeks nearer to the new; but perchance the first news that will leak through into the broad, flapping American ear will be that the Princess Adelaide has the whooping cough.
In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows.
Soon, too soon, were we Where my eyes were useless, And I knew not the ways of my feet I clung to the hand of my friend; But at last he cried, I am lost.
Let us confine ourselves to prayer, when we think that a danger is approaching us.
It is a wound that bleeds when any hand but that of love touches it, and even then must bleed again, though not in pain.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
No, I am not at all cynical, I have merely got experience, which, however, is very much the same thing.
London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
It never is, sir.
In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor the good rewarded.
When I find that I am growing old, I shall kill myself.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
We fail? But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
But good my brother, Do not as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven; Whilst like a puff’d and reckless libertine Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads, And recks not his own rede.
Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
She felt an overwhelming tenderness for him, and a dark, under-stirring of jealous hatred, that he should lie so perfect and immune, in an other-world, whilst she was tormented with violent wakefulness, cast out in the outer darkness.
Even in his own heart’s privacy, he excused himself, saying, If she hadn’t said so-and-so, it would never have happened.
I have never allowed a gentleman to dictate to me, or to interfere with anything I do.
Nothing moved him or spoke to him from the real world unless he heard in it an echo of the infuriated cries within him.
Once I Pass’d Through a Populous City Once I pass’d through a populous city imprinting my brain for future use with its shows, architecture, customs, traditions, Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met there who detain’d me for love of me, Day by day and night by night we were together all else has long been forgotten by me, I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me, Again we wander, we love, we separate again, Again she holds me by the hand, I must not go, I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous.
I think heroic deeds were all conceiv’d in the open air, and all free poems also, I think I could stop here myself and do miracles, I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like, and whoever beholds me shall like me, I think whoever I see must be happy.
We consider bibles and religions divine I do not say they are not divine, I say they have all grown out of you, and may grow out of you still, It is not they who give the life, it is you who give the life, Leaves are not more shed from the trees, or trees from the earth, than they are shed out of you.
I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces so full of stupid importance.
Like the tender fire of stars moments of their life together, that no one knew of or would ever know of, broke upon and illumined his memory.
Haines stopped to take out a smooth silver case in which twinkled a green stone.
You may remember the old Persian saying,‘There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.’There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
For in tremendous extremities human souls are like drowning men; well enough they know they are in peril; well enough they know the causes of that peril; nevertheless, the sea is the sea, and these drowning men do drown.
If any one wishes to be impressed with the soul-killing effects of slavery, let him go to Colonel Lloyd’s plantation, and, on allowance-day, place himself in the deep pine woods, and there let him, in silence, analyze the sounds that shall pass through the chambers of his soul, —and if he is not thus impressed, it will only be because there is no flesh in his obdurate heart.
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated.
It may be true, that, to a sensitive observer, there was something exquisitely painful in it.
I'm a hatter.
Moreover, I am a civilised man.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
I will give you any sum of money you want.
We need be careful how we deal with those about us, when every death carries to some small circle of survivors, thoughts of so much omitted, and so little done—of so many things forgotten, and so many more which might have been repaired! There is no remorse so deep as that which is unavailing; if we would be spared its tortures, let us remember this, in time.
Young girl, the pine is not beautiful; it is not beautiful like the poplar, but it keeps its foliage in winter.
To cast it in with Hyde, was to die to a thousand interests and aspirations, and to become, at a blow and forever, despised and friendless.
I pretend I am a princess, so that I can try and behave like one.
She hates the leveret that runs across the path; she hates everything that is not what she longs for.
To conceive of a man being free we must imagine him outside space, which is evidently impossible.
You should, I think, have considered, and not have been so foolish as to leave the slides closed.
Here and there is born a Saint Theresa, foundress of nothing, whose loving heart-beats and sobs after an unattained goodness tremble off and are dispersed among hindrances, instead of centring in some long-recognizable deed.
It can be found, it can be lived, it is possible to be carried by it, miracles can be performed with it, but it can not be expressed in words and taught.
You find my words dark.
As far as they defied his rock-like power of character, his passion-strength, he seemed to throw them off from him with contempt, until she felt the weariness of the exertion of making useless protests; and now, he had come, in this strange wild passionate way, to make known his love! For, although at first it had struck her, that his offer was forced and goaded out of him by sharp compassion for the exposure she had made of herself, which he, like others, might misunderstand yet, even before he left the room, and certainly not five minutes after, the clear conviction dawned upon her, shined bright upon her, that he did love her; that he had loved her; that he would love her.
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
And you, their best beloved one, are now to me, flesh of my flesh; blood of my blood; kin of my kin; my bountiful wine-press for a while; and shall be later on my companion and my helper.
It just means that a person is able to know that you are unhappy, and to love you extra on that account, without bothering you by telling you all the time how sorry she is for you.
It was the worst hurt he had ever known.
O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn’d a heaven into hell!
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream, Brief as the lightning in the collied night That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And, ere a man hath power to say,‘Behold!’The jaws of darkness do devour it up: So quick bright things come to confusion.
I’m afraid I couldn’t like him without a spice of human naughtiness.
Yes, she could do that; and with a very earnest prayer, Polly asked for the strength of an upright soul, the beauty of a tender heart, the power to make her life a sweet and stirring song, helpful while it lasted, remembered when it died.
Hope and keep busy, and whatever happens, remember that you never can be fatherless.
Hence the saying: One may _know_ how to conquer without being able to _do_ it.
But I gave myself up to it; it was an antidote to any pain, and I had more pains than one.
Had you come back for me, and had there been no other way, I would have gone into the jungle with you—forever.
When you see this you will know that it is for you and that Tarzan of the Apes loves you.
Many a man with herculean strength has nonetheless been terrorized into abject helplessness before the onslaught of a royal Bengal.
Not only freedom from a bond that irked, and a companionship which depressed her; freedom, not only from the death which had threatened, but freedom from the love that had degraded her; freedom from all spiritual ties, the freedom of a disembodied spirit; and with freedom, courage and a valiant unconcern for whatever was to come.
His incredible untidiness, his addiction to music at strange hours, his occasional revolver practice within doors, his weird and often malodorous scientific experiments, and the atmosphere of violence and danger which hung around him made him the very worst tenant in London.
There are nowadays professors of philosophy, but not philosophers.
It was necessary that he should too, not only because otherwise he could scarcely hope to be made a judge, but on her account also: it mortified her to go in to dinner after women ten years younger than herself.
Vaguely, as when you are studying a foreign language and read a page which at first you can make nothing of, till a word or a sentence gives you a clue; and on a sudden a suspicion, as it were, of the sense flashes across your troubled wits, vaguely she gained an inkling into the workings of Walter's mind.
What everybody echoes or in silence passes by as true to-day may turn out to be falsehood to-morrow, mere smoke of opinion, which some had trusted for a cloud that would sprinkle fertilizing rain on their fields.
As if free will meant that! IX Gentlemen, I am joking, and I know myself that my jokes are not brilliant, but you know one can take everything as a joke.
I’ll fight it out with you to the end, and then God will decide.
They would watch the poor creatures at their meals, making uncivil remarks about their food, and their manner of eating; they would laugh at their simple notions and provincial expressions, till some of them scarcely durst venture to speak; they would call the grave elderly men and women old fools and silly old blockheads to their faces: and all this without meaning to offend.
Perhaps I have not really a good temper at all, but if you have everything you want and everyone is kind to you, how can you help but be good-tempered? I don't know looking quite serious how I shall ever find out whether I am really a nice child or a horrid one.
I am so tired so tired of being whirled on through all these phases of my life, in which nothing abides by me, no creature, no place; it is like the circle in which the victims of earthly passion eddy continually.
The thousand injuries of Fortunato I had borne as I best could; but when he ventured upon insult, I vowed revenge.
It must have taken a good deal to overcome her pride.
_Pros._ Thou shalt be as free As mountain winds: but then exactly do All points of my command.
When we are harassed by sorrows or anxieties, or long oppressed by any powerful feelings which we must keep to ourselves, for which we can obtain and seek no sympathy from any living creature, and which yet we can not, or will not wholly crush, we often naturally seek relief in poetry—and often find it, too—whether in the effusions of others, which seem to harmonize with our existing case, or in our own attempts to give utterance to those thoughts and feelings in strains less musical, perchance, but more appropriate, and therefore more penetrating and sympathetic, and, for the time, more soothing, or more powerful to rouse and to unburden the oppressed and swollen heart.
She said nothing, and Sir Andrew too was silent, yet those two young people understood one another, as young people have a way of doing all the world over, and have done since the world began.
I know, I feel she was innocent; you are of the same opinion, and that confirms me.
But indeed, sir, we make holiday to see Caesar, and to rejoice in his triumph.
Male and female are the distinctions of nature, good and bad the distinctions of heaven; but how a race of men came into the world so exalted above the rest, and distinguished like some new species, is worth enquiring into, and whether they are the means of happiness or of misery to mankind.
All these traces of his life seemed to clutch him, and to say to him: No, you’re not going to get away from us, and you’re not going to be different, but you’re going to be the same as you’ve always been; with doubts, everlasting dissatisfaction with yourself, vain efforts to amend, and falls, and everlasting expectation, of a happiness which you won’t get, and which isn’t possible for you.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain, But lust’s effect is tempest after sun; 800 Love’s gentle spring doth always fresh remain, Lust’s winter comes ere summer half be done. Love surfeits not, lust like a glutton dies; Love is all truth, lust full of forged lies.
To gallop intemperately; fall on the sand tired out; to feel the earth spin; to have positively a rush of friendship for stones and grasses, as if humanity were over, and as for men and women, let them go hang there is no getting over the fact that this desire seizes us pretty often.
The fact was, however, that she was always dreaming and thinking odd things and could not herself remember any time when she had not been thinking things about grown-up people and the world they belonged to.
It's so easy that when you begin you can't stop.
What you say is very just, but what will you? The heart of a woman who loves will forgive many blows.
Let us leave on our way the alms of pardon for those whom earthly desires have driven astray, whom a divine hope shall perhaps save, and, as old women say when they offer you some homely remedy of their own, if it does no good it will do no harm.
I learned to look more upon the bright side of my condition, and less upon the dark side, and to consider what I enjoyed rather than what I wanted; and this gave me sometimes such secret comforts, that I can not express them; and which I take notice of here, to put those discontented people in mind of it, who can not enjoy comfortably what God has given them, because they see and covet something that He has not given them.
If I had a choice as wide as the ocean sea I wouldn’t wish for a better man.
It's all that the young can do for the old, to shock them and keep them up to date.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
If he ever felt keenly any question of money it was through the medium of another passion than the love of material property.
His gold, as he hung over it and saw it grow, gathered his power of loving together into a hard isolation like its own.
There is one born every minute.
We should acknowledge God merciful, but not always for us comprehensible.
Don’t trouble yourself to give her a character, returned Mr. Rochester: eulogiums will not bias me; I shall judge for myself.
Her own limits were the limits of her horizon; but limited minds can recognize limitations only in others.
Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise; for the result is waste of time and general stagnation.
When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak, the result is _collapse_.
Twenty years have intervened; for ten of them I lived and fought for Dejah Thoris and her people, and for ten I have lived upon her memory.
I prefer liberty with danger to peace with slavery.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
These take place only in communities where some have got more than is sufficient while others have not enough.
There is always a something, a remnant, which will never come out from your brain, but will remain there with you, and you alone, for ever and ever, and you will die, perhaps, without having imparted what may be the very essence of your idea to a single living soul.
I admit that twice two makes four is an excellent thing, but if we are to give everything its due, twice two makes five is sometimes a very charming thing too.
If life is often as hard as this, I don’t see how we ever shall get through it, added her sister despondently.
My dear girls, I am ambitious for you, but not to have you make a dash in the world, marry rich men merely because they are rich, or have splendid houses, which are not homes because love is wanting.
I wish we could wash from our hearts and souls The stains of the week away, And let water and air by their magic make Ourselves as pure as they.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
When, however, it forms its judgment, as it usually does, on the intuitions of its great and warm heart, the conclusions thus attained are often so profound and so unerring, as to possess the character of truths supernaturally revealed.
Love is, after all, a selfish thing; and it throws a black shadow on anything between which and the light it stands.
Souls and memories can do strange things during trance.
If ever I get married, I’ll certainly try to forget the fact.
I don’t like compliments, and I don’t see why a man should think he is pleasing a woman enormously when he says to her a whole heap of things that he doesn’t mean.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
There he lay in the white intensity of his search, and his voice gradually filled her with fear, so level it was, almost inhuman, as if in a trance.
If I dropped a tear upon your hand, may it wither it up!
‘But somebody is always being murdered, and I didn’t read it.’A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I have observed it to be considered since.
I only know that it was, and ceased to be; and that I have written, and there I leave it.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
We are all of us born in moral stupidity, taking the world as an udder to feed our supreme selves: Dorothea had early begun to emerge from that stupidity, but yet it had been easier to her to imagine how she would devote herself to Mr. Casaubon, and become wise and strong in his strength and wisdom, than to conceive with that distinctness which is no longer reflection but feeling—an idea wrought back to the directness of sense, like the solidity of objects—that he had an equivalent centre of self, whence the lights and shadows must always fall with a certain difference.
She is my notion of a pleasant woman.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
Love, that exempts no one beloved from loving, Seized me with pleasure of this man so strongly, That, as thou seest, it doth not yet desert me; Love has conducted us unto one death; Caina waiteth him who quenched our life!
I set fire to the horoscope scroll, placing the ashes in a paper bag on which I wrote: Seeds of past karma can not germinate if they are roasted in the divine fires of wisdom.
Everything else is complex.
But Arthur is selfish; I am constrained to acknowledge that; and, indeed, the admission gives me less pain than might be expected, for, since _I_ love him so much, I can easily forgive him for loving himself: he likes to be pleased, and it is my delight to please him; and when I regret this tendency of his, it is for his own sake, not for mine.
With the Gardiners, they were always on the most intimate terms.
OF writing many books there is no end; And I who have written much in prose and verse For others’uses, will write now for mine, — Will write my story for my better self, As when you paint your portrait for a friend, Who keeps it in a drawer and looks at it Long after he has ceased to love you, just To hold together what he was and is.
O, that there would come a famine through all the world, that all might die, and I live alone! then thou shouldst see how fat I would be.
There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realize who it is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him.
There is one thing, and only one thing, in which it is granted to you to be free in life, all else being beyond your power: that is to recognize and profess the truth. And yet simply from the fact that other men as misguided and as pitiful creatures as yourself have made you soldier, tzar, landowner, capitalist, priest, or general, you undertake to commit acts of violence obviously opposed to your reason and your heart, to base your existence on the misfortunes of others, and above all, instead of filling the one duty of your life, recognizing and professing the truth, you feign not to recognize it and disguise it from yourself and others. And what are the conditions in which you are doing this? You who may die any instant, you sign sentences of death, you declare war, you take part in it, you judge, you punish, you plunder the working people, you live luxuriously in the midst of the poor, and teach weak men who have confidence in you that this must be so, that the duty of men is to do this, and yet it may happen at the moment when you are acting thus that a bacterium or a bull may attack you and you will fall and die, losing forever the chance of repairing the harm you have done to others, and above all to yourself, in uselessly wasting a life which has been given you only once in eternity, without having accomplished the only thing you ought to have done.
It appears that ordinary men take wives because possession is not possible without marriage, and that ordinary women accept husbands because marriage is not possible without possession; with totally differing aims the method is the same on both sides.
You’ll do to give us the bare words and facts, but we come in to supply the thoughts.
If a married couple come to settle in the town, somehow the gentleman disappears; he is either fairly frightened to death by being the only man in the Cranford evening parties, or he is accounted for by being with his regiment, his ship, or closely engaged in business all the week in the great neighbouring commercial town of Drumble, distant only twenty miles on a railroad.
I think that must be an hereditary quality, for my father says he is scarcely ever wrong.
Although he hated Margaret at times, when he thought of that gentle, familiar attitude and all the attendant circumstances, he had a restless desire to renew her picture in his mind a longing for the very atmosphere she breathed.
Speak to your workmen as if they were human beings.
He asked himself what is a woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to distant music, a symbol of.
New lease of life.
And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness, because it was that which gave the humanity.
You’d be nowhere.
Her prayer was always spontaneous, and often ran thus, O deliver my heart from this fearful gloom and loneliness; send me great love from somewhere, else I shall die.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
Yet there are worse things in the world than that.
I forget who it was that recommended men for their soul's good to do each day two things they disliked: it was a wise man, and it is a precept that I have followed scrupulously; for every day I have got up and I have gone to bed.
The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.
We are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that, with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say, they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual.
Unconsciously, perhaps, we treasure the power we have over people by their regard for our opinion of them, and we hate those upon whom we have no such influence.
Man, do not pride yourself on superiority to the animals; they are without sin, and you, with your greatness, defile the earth by your appearance on it, and leave the traces of your foulness after you—alas, it is true of almost every one of us! Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and as it were to guide us.
Every single human being should be the fulfilment of a prophecy: for every human being should be the realisation of some ideal, either in the mind of God or in the mind of man.
Of her own experience she had no memory of the thing happening; but in her instinct, which was the experience of all the mothers of wolves, there lurked a memory of fathers that had eaten their new-born and helpless progeny.
I know nothingnothing in the worldof the hearts of men.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
No: the appointment is in London.
There is a fatality about all physical and intellectual distinction, the sort of fatality that seems to dog through history the faltering steps of kings.
All night long he watches the stars, and when the morning star shines he utters one cry of joy, and then he is silent.
No thinking being lives who, at some luminous point of his life of thought, has not felt himself lost amid the surges of futile efforts at understanding, or believing, that anything exists _greater than his own soul_.
There is no passion in nature so demoniacally impatient, as that of him who, shuddering upon the edge of a precipice, thus meditates a plunge.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
We can't any of us do all we would like, but we can do our best for every case that comes to us, and that helps amazingly.
But there is a grief that breaks out, and from that minute it bursts into tears and finds vent in wailing.
If your mind dislike anything, obey it.
Jo’s breath gave out here, and wrapping her head in the paper, she bedewed her little story with a few natural tears, for to be independent and earn the praise of those she loved were the dearest wishes of her heart, and this seemed to be the first step toward that happy end.
I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world!
This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself, And leads the will to desperate undertakings, As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures.
Call me but love, and I’ll be new baptis’d; Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
For, as I draw closer and closer to the end, I travel in the circle, nearer and nearer to the beginning.
We all like people who do things, even if we only see their faces on a cigar-box lid.
The indolence I love is not that of a lazy fellow who sits with his arms across in total inaction, and thinks no more than he acts, but that of a child which is incessantly in motion doing nothing, and that of a dotard who wanders from his subject. I love to amuse myself with trifles, by beginning a hundred things and never finishing one of them, by going or coming as I take either into my head, by changing my project at every instant, by following a fly through all its windings, in wishing to overturn a rock to see what is under it, by undertaking with ardor the work of ten years, and abandoning it without regret at the end of ten minutes; finally, in musing from morning until night without order or coherence, and in following in everything the caprice of a moment.
A swift carriage, of a dark night, rattling with four horses over roads that one can’t see that’s my idea of happiness.
There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did.
Her whole being dilated in an atmosphere of luxury; it was the background she required, the only climate she could breathe in.
Poetry and art are the breath of life to her.
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine courage.
I don't know who it is, she said; but somebody cares for me a little.
I love him so much, and so dearly, that when I sometimes think my life may be but a weary one, I am proud of it and glad of it.
Come, dear, Gwendolen rises we have already missed five, if not six, trains.
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
A common and natural result of an undue respect for the law is, that you may see a file of soldiers, colonel, captain, corporal, privates, powder-monkeys and all, marching in admirable order over hill and dale to the wars, against their wills, aye, against their common sense and consciences, which makes it very steep marching indeed, and produces a palpitation of the heart.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
But she her life was cold as a garret whose dormer window looks on the north, and ennui, the silent spider, was weaving its web in the darkness in every corner of her heart.
She did not believe that things could present themselves in the same way in different places, and since the portion of her life lived had been bad, no doubt that which remained to be lived would be better.
It was a very simple line.
It was you I thought of all the time; I gave to them the love you did not need: lavished on them a love that was not theirs.
God’s law is only Love.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of God, which is the secret of religion—these are the two things that govern us.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
The world is made by the singer for the dreamer.
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
I don’t like compliments, and I don’t see why a man should think he is pleasing a woman enormously when he says to her a whole heap of things that he doesn’t mean.
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
But then it is open to some one else to follow great authorities, and call the mind a sheet of white paper or a mirror, in which case one’s knowledge of the digestive process becomes quite irrelevant.
And yet I have seen the moral of my own behaviour very frequent in England since my return; where a little contemptible varlet, without the least title to birth, person, wit, or common sense, shall presume to look with importance, and put himself upon a foot with the greatest persons of the kingdom.
I couldn’t think of anything to say.
I mean to say, there is something about their personality that paralyses the vocal cords and reduces the contents of the brain to cauliflower.
He was one of those earnest, persevering dancers the kind that have taken twelve correspondence lessons.
The uptorn trees are not rooted again; the parted hills are left scarred; if there is a new growth, the trees are not the same as the old, and the hills underneath their green vesture bear the marks of the past rending.
She had felt as if her heart were hiding down there, somewhere, with the quail and the plover and all the little wild things that crooned or buzzed in the sun.
Surely the saddest thing in the world is falling out of love if once one has ever fallen in.
All we have ever managed to do is to pay our rent, the exorbitant rent that one has to pay for a few square feet of space near the heart of things.
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper, or from that old baboon, who descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
He was turning over several things; she was wondering in what manner he really understood her.
It’s not my fate to give up I know it can’t be.
To renounce liberty is to renounce being a man, to surrender the rights of humanity and even its duties.
The child is only naughty because he is weak; make him strong and he will be good; if we could do everything we should never do wrong.
One marvel of a day he had walked so far that when he returned the moon was high and full and all the world was purple shadow and silver.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
It broke in upon his lately acquired habit of sitting still in one easy chair for half a day together.
He could not say rather, he would not deny himself the chance of the pleasure of seeing Margaret.
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
At first I knew it not; but it was uttered twelve times, and at the twelfth colossal hum and trembling knell, I said: I lie in the shadow of St. Paul’s.
One idea only still throbbed life-like within me—a remembrance of God: it begot an unuttered prayer: these words went wandering up and down in my rayless mind, as something that should be whispered, but no energy was found to express them— Be not far from me, for trouble is near: there is none to help.
Besides, with this creed, I can so clearly distinguish between the criminal and his crime; I can so sincerely forgive the first while I abhor the last: with this creed revenge never worries my heart, degradation never too deeply disgusts me, injustice never crushes me too low: I live in calm, looking to the end.
So may the New Year be a happy one to you, happy to many more whose happiness depends on you!
And as individuals get into trouble by making too great a show of liveries, or as slaves when they are too numerous rise against their masters, so I think I could mention a nation that has got into many great difficulties, and will get into many greater, from maintaining too large a retinue of words.
Whatever the misery, he could not regain contentment with a world which, once doubted, became absurd.
If you see me doing anything wrong, just remind me by a wink, will you? returned Jo, giving her collar a twitch and her head a hasty brush.
She did not rebuke Jo with saintly speeches, only loved her better for her passionate affection, and clung more closely to the dear human love, from which our Father never means us to be weaned, but through which He draws us closer to Himself.
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defence whose opponent does not know what to attack.
A wet day was the expression of irremediable grief at her weakness in the mind of some vague ethical being whom she could not class definitely as the God of her childhood, and could not comprehend as any other.
It was always beautiful from here; it was terribly beautiful to Tess to-day, for since her eyes last fell upon it she had learnt that the serpent hisses where the sweet birds sing, and her views of life had been totally changed for her by the lesson.
I verily believe that her not remembering and not minding in the least, made me cry again, inwardly, —and that is the sharpest crying of all.
The only scriptural admonition that Ralph Nickleby heeded, in the letter, was‘know thyself.’He knew himself well, and choosing to imagine that all mankind were cast in the same mould, hated them; for, though no man hates himself, the coldest among us having too much self-love for that, yet most men unconsciously judge the world from themselves, and it will be very generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature, and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant samples.
‘Her mind was an hotel where facts came and went like transient lodgers, without leaving their address behind, and frequently without paying for their board.
I I do want to help you, he said.
Something he knew he had missed: the flower of life.
When all things lasted so short a time and nothing mattered very much, it seemed pitiful that men, attaching an absurd importance to trivial objects, should make themselves and one another so unhappy.
Towards thee I roll, thou all-destroying but unconquering whale; to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee; for hate’s sake I spit my last breath at thee.
You have no soul; and you are unconscious of all that you lose.
Sing about the long deep sleep Of lovers that are dead, and how In the grave all love shall sleep: Love is aweary now.
N/A
'One table-spoonful to be taken at bed-time.
A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t! _Pros._’Tis new to thee.
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting, it is a most sharp sauce.
I have no moe sons of the royal blood For thee to slaughter.
If his destiny be strange, it is also sublime.
One day, when I was suggesting this theory to Captain Nemo, he replied coldly: The earth does not want new continents, but new men.
Her own misery filled her heart—there was no room in it for other people’s sorrow.
We may ignore our own dependence, or refuse to acknowledge that others depend upon us in more respects than the payment of weekly wages; but the thing must be, nevertheless.
But if he dreaded exposure of his tenderness, he was equally desirous that all men should recognise his justice; and he felt that he had been unjust in giving so scornful a hearing to any one who had waited, with humble patience, for five hours, to speak to him.
Why, it would really be being unselfish to go away and be happy for a little, because we would come back so much nicer.
Fetch a plate, Margaret a basket anything.
If yo’, sir, or any other knowledgable, patient man comes to me, and says he’ll larn me what the words mean, and not blow me up if I’m a bit stupid, or forget how one thing hangs on another why, in time I may get to see the truth of it; or I may not.
She lifted her little savage hand and knocked Emily off the chair, bursting into a passion of sobbing Sara who never cried.
Hell, all it takes to do it is the stuff you'd use for a meth lab.
Every law the people has not ratified in person is null and void is, in fact, not a law.
The others they hate thee because their eyes can not meet thine; because thou art wise; because thou hast pulled out thorns from their feet because thou art a man.
He resumed his seat, nor did he again turn or disturb me by a glance, except indeed for one single instant, when a look, rather solicitous than curious, stole my way—speaking what somehow stilled my heart like the south-wind quieting the earth.
For a long time the fear of seeming singular scared me away; but by degrees, as people became accustomed to me and my habits, and to such shades of peculiarity as were engrained in my nature—shades, certainly not striking enough to interest, and perhaps not prominent enough to offend, but born in and with me, and no more to be parted with than my identity—by slow degrees I became a frequenter of this strait and narrow path.
Finally she smiled, and, rising, said: I shall have to believe even though I can not understand.
The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it, said Holmes.
All other things, our powers our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance.
I love her a thousand times more for her sweet pity of last night, a pity that made my own hate of the monster seem despicable.
Your husband is noble nature, and you are noble too, for you trust, and trust can not be where there is mean nature.
But you know silence is a great talent, and therefore incongruous for me, and secondly silence would be risky, anyway.
By the time I have got so far in the reading of my document the sun will be up and the huge force of his rays will be acting upon the living world.
The amount of it is, if a man is alive, there is always _danger_ that he may die, though the danger must be allowed to be less in proportion as he is dead-and-alive to begin with.
The opportunities of living are diminished in proportion as what are called the means are increased.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
Over the portal of the new world,‘Be thyself’shall be written.
We women, as some one says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your eyes, if you ever love at all.
It gave me at the very outset of my life freedom, and freedom is everything.
Each man lived his own life and paid his own price for living it.
Yet there are worse things in the world than that.
I saw him open his mouth wide—it gave him a weirdly voracious aspect, as though he had wanted to swallow all the air, all the earth, all the men before him.
In the empty immensity of earth, sky, and water, there she was, incomprehensible, firing into a continent.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies—which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world—what I want to forget.
His face was like the autumn sky, overcast one moment and bright the next.
When I think of it, the picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in the churchyard, and I sitting on my bed, reading as if for life.
Many hunger-worn outcasts close their eyes in our bare streets, at such times, who, let their crimes have been what they may, can hardly open them in a more bitter world.
It is known, to the force of a single pound weight, what the engine will do; but, not all the calculators of the National Debt can tell me the capacity for good or evil, for love or hatred, for patriotism or discontent, for the decomposition of virtue into vice, or the reverse, at any single moment in the soul of one of these its quiet servants, with the composed faces and the regulated actions.
So, as she slightly laughed and afterwards sat looking at the rain, she was as self-possessed and as free to occupy herself with her own thoughts as if she had been alone.
The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
On the contrary, idealist that I was to the most pronounced degree, my philosophy had always recognized and guerdoned love as the greatest thing in the world, the aim and the summit of being, the most exquisite pitch of joy and happiness to which life could thrill, the thing of all things to be hailed and welcomed and taken into the heart.
We have Nature beaten; we can make her grow wheat; we can keep warm when she sends blizzards.
They are composed of an infinity of successive loves, of different jealousies, each of which is ephemeral, although by their uninterrupted multitude they give us the impression of continuity, the illusion of unity.
I can not well repeat how there I entered, So full was I of slumber at the moment In which I had abandoned the true way.
Moreover, the figure near at hand suffers on such occasion, because it shows up its sorriness without shade; while vague figures afar off are honoured, in that their distance makes artistic virtues of their stains.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
CHAPTER XXII THE GREAT BARN AND THE SHEEP-SHEARERS Men thin away to insignificance and oblivion quite as often by not making the most of good spirits when they have them as by lacking good spirits when they are indispensable.
She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.
She was like one of Guido’s saints, with heaven in her heart and in her look, so that when you saw her you only thought of that within, and costume and even feature were secondary to the mind that beamed in her countenance.
The Fox A fox looked at his shadow at sunrise and said, I will have a camel for lunch today.
Doing business like this takes much more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that there’s the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections, bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them.
Her love was entire as a child’s, and though warm as summer it was fresh as spring.
Your wickedness was only the natural man’s desire to possess the woman.
I have been thinking, she continued, still in the tone of one brimful of feeling, that the social moulds civilization fits us into have no more relation to our actual shapes than the conventional shapes of the constellations have to the real star-patterns.
It is a maxim among these lawyers that whatever has been done before, may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice, and the general reason of mankind.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
And he felt himself oppressed by this creation of factitious purity, so cunningly manufactured by a conspiracy of mothers and aunts and grandmothers and long-dead ancestresses, because it was supposed to be what he wanted, what he had a right to, in order that he might exercise his lordly pleasure in smashing it like an image made of snow.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea.
I own I can not; but we know not that it will be so; —and I do know that to regret the exchange of earthly pleasures for the joys of heaven, is as if the grovelling caterpillar should lament that it must one day quit the nibbled leaf to soar aloft and flutter through the air, roving at will from flower to flower, sipping sweet honey from their cups, or basking in their sunny petals.
Now, in his heart, Ahab had some glimpse of this, namely: all my means are sane, my motive and my object mad.
A good chessplayer having lost a game is sincerely convinced that his loss resulted from a mistake he made and looks for that mistake in the opening, but forgets that at each stage of the game there were similar mistakes and that none of his moves were perfect.
It did not lead him to meditate upon his frailty as a creature of temperature, and upon man’s frailty in general, able only to live within certain narrow limits of heat and cold; and from there on it did not lead him to the conjectural field of immortality and man’s place in the universe.
The more he studied, the more vistas he caught of fields of knowledge yet unexplored, and the regret that days were only twenty-four hours long became a chronic complaint with him.
He was amazed at the man’s sympathy with life and at his incisive psychology.
But the Wild is the Wild, and motherhood is motherhood, at all times fiercely protective whether in the Wild or out of it; and the time was to come when the she-wolf, for her grey cub’s sake, would venture the left fork, and the lair in the rocks, and the lynx’s wrath.
He had been suddenly jerked from the heart of civilization and flung into the heart of things primordial.
He had to become all these things, else he would not have held his own nor survive the hostile environment in which he found himself.
All his days, no matter what the odds, he had never run from a fight.
Imprimis: I am a man who, from his youth upwards, has been filled with a profound conviction that the easiest way of life is the best.
For God hath made all men to enjoy felicity and constancy of good.
You know well I couldn’t bear to live with a low common man after you two; and it’s wicked and cruel of you to insult me by pretending I could.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
When you think of them all it does seem a waste of wood.
It seems stupid to have discovered America only to make it into a copy of another country.
All the long misery of his baffled past, of his youth of failure, hardship and vain effort, rose up in his soul in bitterness and seemed to take shape before him in the woman who at every turn had barred his way.
All of which, you will pardon my observing, has nothing whatsoever to do with what I wish to see you about.
You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home. People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good, sacred memory, preserved from childhood, is perhaps the best education. If a man carries many such memories with him into life, he is safe to the end of his days, and if one has only one good memory left in one’s heart, even that may sometime be the means of saving us.
At last, we know not what it is to live in the open air, and our lives are domestic in more senses than we think.
I am one of the sort that lives by throwing stones at other people’s glass houses, but I never mean to put up one for them to stone.
Well, I must say, Algernon, that I think it is high time that Mr. Bunbury made up his mind whether he was going to live or to die.
It is their chief charm.
Ordinary people waited till life disclosed to them its secrets, but to the few, to the elect, the mysteries of life were revealed before the veil was drawn away.
What the artist is always looking for is the mode of existence in which soul and body are one and indivisible: in which the outward is expressive of the inward: in which form reveals.
If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart, he answered, sinking into an arm-chair.
The only people I would care to be with now are artists and people who have suffered: those who know what beauty is, and those who know what sorrow is: nobody else interests me.
A revolutionary tribunal in the capital, and forty or fifty thousand revolutionary committees all over the land; a law of the Suspected, which struck away all security for liberty or life, and delivered over any good and innocent person to any bad and guilty one; prisons gorged with people who had committed no offence, and could obtain no hearing; these things became the established order and nature of appointed things, and seemed to be ancient usage before they were many weeks old.
Mrs. Joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself.
N/A
For an hour or more, I remained too stunned to think; and it was not until I began to think, that I began fully to know how wrecked I was, and how the ship in which I had sailed was gone to pieces.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
I set fire to the horoscope scroll, placing the ashes in a paper bag on which I wrote: Seeds of past karma can not germinate if they are roasted in the divine fires of wisdom.
It made me hold my breath in expectation of hearing the wilderness burst into a prodigious peal of laughter that would shake the fixed stars in their places.
It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red.
There are vague memories in our souls of those misty centuries when the world was in its childhood.
If I have set it down it is because that which is clearly known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and guessed.
This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie.
There is often a good deal of the child left in people who have had to grow up too soon.
DUCHESS I quite agree with you, and the moral of that is Be what you would seem to be; or, if you'd like it put more simply, Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself—and not a taper lighted at the hearthstone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.
And I add this part here, to hint to whoever shall read it, that whenever they come to a true sense of things, they will find deliverance from sin a much greater blessing than deliverance from affliction.
The intense fear which accompanies intense love in young women was too strong to allow the exercise of a moral quality antagonistic to itself:‘Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.’The match was looked upon as made by her father and mother.
But the chief cause of our natural unwillingness to admit that one species has given birth to other and distinct species, is that we are always slow in admitting any great change of which we do not see the intermediate steps.
Depending upon one another's hearts, ye had still hoped that virtue were not all a dream.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
Do you not think that there are things which you can not understand, and yet which are; that some people see things that others can not? But there are things old and new which must not be contemplate by men's eyes, because they know or think they know some things which other men have told them.
From my earliest recollection, I date the entertainment of a deep conviction that slavery would not always be able to hold me within its foul embrace; and in the darkest hours of my career in slavery, this living word of faith and spirit of hope departed not from me, but remained like ministering angels to cheer me through the gloom.
Love was like a parasite in his heart, nourishing a hateful existence on his life’s blood; it absorbed his existence so intensely that he could take pleasure in nothing else.
He felt sick at heart.
As if a woman ever loved a man for his virtue, Kitty mocked.
You can treat them like dogs, you can beat them till your arm aches, and still they love you.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos.
I can not describe to you the intense silence of the night.
When they were small the parents doted on them, passed through agonies of apprehension at each childish ailment, and the children clung to their parents with love and adoration; a few years passed, the children grew up, and persons not of their kin were more important to their happiness than father or mother.
But Philip was impatient with himself; he called to mind his idea of the pattern of life: the unhappiness he had suffered was no more than part of a decoration which was elaborate and beautiful; he told himself strenuously that he must accept with gaiety everything, dreariness and excitement, pleasure and pain, because it added to the richness of the design.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
My life were better ended by their hate Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
I think she will be rul’d In all respects by me; nay more, I doubt it not.
Thou know’st’tis common, all that lives must die, Passing through nature to eternity.
Give me that man That is not passion’s slave, and I will wear him In my heart’s core, ay, in my heart of heart, As I do thee.
Yes, sir, of sharks and men, gravely replied the Captain.
Upon my word, I think the truth is the hardest missile one can be pelted with.
That was the strange thing, that one did not know where one was going, or what one wanted, and followed blindly, suffering so much in secret, always unprepared and amazed and knowing nothing; but one thing led to another and by degrees something had formed itself out of nothing, and so one reached at last this calm, this quiet, this certainty, and it was this process that people called living.
The immense accretion of flesh which had descended on her in middle life like a flood of lava on a doomed city had changed her from a plump active little woman with a neatly-turned foot and ankle into something as vast and august as a natural phenomenon.
Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions a walk, a talk, solitude in one's own orchard can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind.
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots.
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
I could remember every stupid thing I'd ever said or done, recall them with picture-perfect clarity.
When he had come to their house, there had been always something, either of over-eagerness or of that kind of vexed annoyance which seemed ready to pre-suppose that he was unjustly judged, and yet felt too proud to try and make himself better understood.
not a gallon you burn, but at least one drop of man’s blood was spilled for it.
I had been seasoned by adversity, and tutored by experience, and I longed to redeem my lost honour in the eyes of those whose opinion was more than that of all the world to me.
O, with what freshness, what solemnity and beauty, is each new day born; as if to say to insensate man, Behold!
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
If not watching all the time frequently, visit and see that flowers are as placed; very important; do not fail.
For some seconds I listened, mechanically but intently, with bated breath and that quick beating of the heart which in a timorous person speaks for fear, and for expectation in another.
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper, or from that old baboon, who descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
But two is not twice one; two is two thousand times one.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
He never loses patience, never doubts or complains, but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully, that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him.
It was then that the ecstasy and the dream began, in which emotion was the matter of the universe, and matter but an adventitious intrusion likely to hinder you from spinning where you wanted to spin.
Phases of her childhood lurked in her aspect still.
WHITE QUEEN It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
So do flux and reflux—the rhythm of change—alternate and persist in everything under the sky.
He looked and smelt like Autumn’s very brother, his face being sunburnt to wheat-color, his eyes blue as corn-flowers, his boots and leggings dyed with fruit-stains, his hands clammy with the sweet juice of apples, his hat sprinkled with pips, and everywhere about him that atmosphere of cider which at its first return each season has such an indescribable fascination for those who have been born and bred among the orchards.
He had been held to her by a beautiful thread which it pained him to spoil by breaking, rather than by a chain he could not break.
There's really no believing half you hear about people nowadays.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
As long as there is one person suffering an injustice; as long as one person is forced to bear an unnecessary sorrow; as long as one person is subject to an undeserved pain, the worship of a God is a demoralizing humiliation. As long as there is one mistake in the universe; as long as one wrong is permitted to exist; as long as there is hatred and antagonism among mankind, the existence of a God is a moral impossibility.
Well has Solomon said—Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Soft, amiable natures they would have refined to saintliness; of strong, evil spirits they would have made demons; as for me, I have only been a woe-struck and selfish woman.
At first I knew it not; but it was uttered twelve times, and at the twelfth colossal hum and trembling knell, I said: I lie in the shadow of St. Paul’s.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
It was one of those jolly, happy, bread-crumbling parties where you cough twice before you speak, and then decide not to say it after all.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock.
There were moments when he looked on evil simply as a mode through which he could realize his conception of the beautiful.
She sat to-night revolving, as she was wont, the scenes of the day, her lips often curling with amusement at the oddities to which her fancy added fresh drollery: people were so ridiculous with their illusions, carrying their fool’s caps unawares, thinking their own lies opaque while everybody else’s were transparent, making themselves exceptions to everything, as if when all the world looked yellow under a lamp they alone were rosy.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
We cannibals must help these Christians.
She felt as if it were at once queer and beautiful and she wanted him to go on and on.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
It's love.
Her keen enjoyment of every sensuous pleasure was balanced finely, if not overbalanced, by her conscious pride in being able to do without them all, if need were.
Of all faults the one she most despised in others was the want of bravery; the meanness of heart which leads to untruth.
Wonderfullest things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no epitaphs; this six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington.
No insect hangs its nest on threads as frail as those which will sustain the weight of human vanity; and the sense of being of importance among the insignificant was enough to restore to Miss Bart the gratifying consciousness of power.
It was the lightest touch, but it thrilled him like a caress.
He exulted in the possession of himself once more; he realised how much of the delight of the world he had lost when he was absorbed in that madness which they called love; he had had enough of it; he did not want to be in love any more if love was that.
You are puzzled because you can not get over the idea that pleasures are only of the senses; but, child, a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.
Therefore have done: some grief shows much of love, But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
_Exit Caliban._ _Re-enter ARIEL, invisible, playing and singing; FERDINAND following._ _ARIEL’S song._ Come unto these yellow sands, 375 And then take hands: Courtsied when you have and kiss’d The wild waves whist: Foot it featly here and there; And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear.
Let us do so: for we are at the stake, And bay’d about with many enemies; And some that smile have in their hearts, I fear, Millions of mischiefs.
The charm dissolves apace; And as the morning steals upon the night, 65 Melting the darkness, so their rising senses Begin to chase the ignorant fumes that mantle Their clearer reason.
The word which can never die on this earth, for it is the heart of it and the meaning and the glory.
He never gave advice but when it was asked, and even then he required to be asked twice. People, in general, he said, only ask advice not to follow it; or if they do follow it, it is for the sake of having someone to blame for having given it.
After which piece of moralizing, he resumed his search.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
We seldom find so much of forethought in young men; and, more than once, some unhappy contre-temps has occurred in consequence of thoughtlessness on the part of our visitors.
The thousand injuries of Fortunato I had borne as I best could; but when he ventured upon insult, I vowed revenge.
All other knowledge is hurtful to him who has not the science of goodness.
It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
They give people the opportunity of finding out each other’s character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
I believe that Memory is responsible for nearly all the three-volume novels that Mudie sends us.
Philanthropic people lose all sense of humanity.
It is no reason at all for existing, and you know you have been very wicked.
I think they should never be forgiven.
He gave Anne a piece of his mind.
Their host smiled approvingly.
In the East, where these ideas and practices have developed, and where for several thousand years an unbroken tradition has created the necessary spiritual foundations, Yoga is, as I can readily believe, the perfect and appropriate method of fusing body and mind together so that they form a unity which is scarcely to be questioned.
Vanity plays lurid tricks with our memory, and the truth of every passion wants some pretence to make it live.
And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count; and, unlike the celebrated herd in the poem, they were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
I do not know, sir, said I. I am not very sure whether he’s sane.
The leprosy of unreality disfigured every human creature in attendance upon Monseigneur.
There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did.
I have seen wicked men and fools, a great many of both; and I believe they both get paid in the end; but the fools first.
I found every breath of air, and every scent, and every flower and leaf and blade of grass, and every passing cloud, and everything in nature, more beautiful and wonderful to me than I had ever found it yet.
Then, as Christmas is a time in which, of all times in the year, the memory of every remediable sorrow, wrong, and trouble in the world around us, should be active with us, not less than our own experiences, for all good, he laid his hand upon the boy, and, silently calling Him to witness who laid His hand on children in old time, rebuking, in the majesty of His prophetic knowledge, those who kept them from Him, vowed to protect him, teach him, and reclaim him.
Sleep is still most perfect, in spite of hygienists, when it is shared with a beloved.
Persons with any weight of character carry, like planets, their atmospheres along with them in their orbits; and the matron who entered now upon the scene could, and usually did, bring her own tone into a company.
So strangely did they meet, in the dim wood, that it was like the first encounter, in the world beyond the grave, of two spirits who had been intimately connected in their former life, but now stood coldly shuddering, in mutual dread; as not yet familiar with their state, nor wonted to the companionship of disembodied beings. Each a ghost, and awe-stricken at the other ghost! They were awe-stricken likewise at themselves; because the crisis flung back to them their consciousness, and revealed to each heart its history and experience, as life never does, except at such breathless epochs.
In truth, all through the haunted forest there could be nothing more frightful than the figure of Goodman Brown.
He wondered why the pelican was the symbol of charity, except it was that it wanted a good deal of charity to admire a pelican.
There are people, on the other hand, who desire above all to find in that lucky rival the qualities by which he has outstripped them, and seek with a throbbing ache at heart only what is good.
How often he had told himself that her love was happiness; and now she loved him as a woman can love when love has outweighed for her all the good things of life—and he was much further from happiness than when he had followed her from Moscow.
That is what all poets do: they talk to themselves out loud; and the world overhears them.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
A very short space of time through very short times of space.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease.
And in the hush that had fallen suddenly upon the whole sorrowful land, the immense wilderness, the colossal body of the fecund and mysterious life seemed to look at her, pensive, as though it had been looking at the image of its own tenebrous and passionate soul.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
Wonderfullest things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no epitaphs; this six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington.
As all partings foreshadow the great final one, so, empty rooms, bereft of a familiar presence, mournfully whisper what your room and what mine must one day be.
Pride is one of the seven deadly sins; but it can not be the pride of a mother in her children, for that is a compound of two cardinal virtues faith and hope.
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
The great trees, which had looked shrunken and bare in the earlier months, had now burst into strong life and health; and stretching forth their green arms over the thirsty ground, converted open and naked spots into choice nooks, where was a deep and pleasant shade from which to look upon the wide prospect, steeped in sunshine, which lay stretched beyond.
We can not but be right if we put all the rest away, and do everything in remembrance of Him. There is no vengeance and no infliction of suffering in His life, I am sure.
There is a drowsy state, between sleeping and waking, when you dream more in five minutes with your eyes half open, and yourself half conscious of everything that is passing around you, than you would in five nights with your eyes fast closed, and your senses wrapt in perfect unconsciousness.
And thus ever by day and night, under the sun and under the stars, climbing the dusty hills and toiling along the weary plains, journeying by land and journeying by sea, coming and going so strangely, to meet and to act and react on one another, move all we restless travellers through the pilgrimage of life.
THE PARSONAGE All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity, that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut.
There were shrubberies and big trees, but I remember the clear assurance I felt that none of them concealed him.
Cecilia had, moreover, a turn for sarcasm, and her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a lurking scratch in it.
Good for Christmas-time is the ruddy colour of the cloak, in which—the tree making a forest of itself for her to trip through, with her basket—Little Red Riding-Hood comes to me one Christmas Eve to give me information of the cruelty and treachery of that dissembling Wolf who ate her grandmother, without making any impression on his appetite, and then ate her, after making that ferocious joke about his teeth.
Abnormal is so common, it's practically normal.
It curled, a violet riband, through the nacre-coloured air.
At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago.
But there were hours when her child heart might almost have broken with loneliness but for three people.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
When I find that I am growing old, I shall kill myself.
I think the stupid people talk a great deal.
Sorry to hear it, Tuppy; whenever people agree with me, I always feel I must be wrong.
Only in mirrors should one look, for mirrors do but show us masks.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
I often have long conversations all by myself, and I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.
He must discover the inevitable mixture of error and corruption, which she contracted in a long residence upon earth, among a weak and degenerate race of beings.
Meg observed it, but did not trouble herself to make inquiries, for she had learned that the best way to manage Jo was by the law of contraries, so she felt sure of being told everything if she did not ask.
Remember that, my dear, and think twice before you do anything.
All evils are to be considered with the good that is in them, and with what worse attends them.
I gazed awhile On her cold smile; Too cold too cold for me There passed, as a shroud, A fleecy cloud, And I turned away to thee, Proud Evening Star, In thy glory afar And dearer thy beam shall be; For joy to my heart Is the proud part Thou bearest in Heaven at night, And more I admire Thy distant fire, Than that colder, lowly light.
In the morning Manfred signed his abdication of the principality, with the approbation of Hippolita, and each took on them the habit of religion in the neighbouring convents.
One morning, in cool blood, I slipped a noose about its neck and hung it to the limb of a tree; —hung it with the tears streaming from my eyes, and with the bitterest remorse at my heart; —hung it _because_ I knew that it had loved me, and _because_ I felt it had given me no reason of offence; —hung it _because_ I knew that in so doing I was committing a sin—a deadly sin that would so jeopardize my immortal soul as to place it—if such a thing wore possible—even beyond the reach of the infinite mercy of the Most Merciful and Most Terrible God.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
But you knew; you understood; you had felt the world outside tugging at one with all its golden hands and yet you hated the things it asks of one; you hated happiness bought by disloyalty and cruelty and indifference.
He liked this well, kindly he smiled at the river.
I have always held, too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime; and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an armchair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone.
I am not a very good man, Effie, but I think that I am a better one than you have given me credit for being.
You can come with us to-night if you want to be in at the finish.
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.
I think, sir, when God makes His presence felt through us, we are like the burning bush: Moses never took any heed what sort of bush it was—he only saw the brightness of the Lord.
Sane people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Continual intellectual study results in vanity and the false satisfaction of an undigested knowledge.
I do try to say, God's will be done, sir, said the Squire, looking up at Mr. Gibson for the first time, and speaking with more life in his voice; but it's harder to be resigned than happy people think.
She looked as if she was not attending to the conversation, but solely busy with the tea-cups, among which her round ivory hands moved with pretty, noiseless, daintiness.
There will have to be a sale, so select what things you wish to be reserved.
I have had no youth no womanhood; the hopes of womanhood have closed for me for I shall never marry; and I anticipate cares and sorrows just as if I were an old woman, and with the same tearful spirit.
I do glory That thou, whichstood'st like a huge pyramid Begun upon a large and ample base, Shalt end in a little point, a kind of nothing.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite.
Men Can counsel, and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel; but tasting it, Their counsel turns to passion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madness in a silken thread, Charm ache with air, and agony with words: No, no;'t is all men's office to speak patience To those that wring under the load of sorrow; But no man's virtue, nor sufficiency, To be so moral, when he shall endure The like himself.
Our thoughts are ours, their ends none of our own.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
I must be cruel, only to be kind: Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
’Tis just: And it is very much lamented, Brutus, That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye, That you might see your shadow.
XII When I do count the clock that tells the time, And see the brave day sunk in hideous night; When I behold the violet past prime, And sable curls, all silvered o’er with white; When lofty trees I see barren of leaves, Which erst from heat did canopy the herd, And summer’s green all girded up in sheaves, Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard, Then of thy beauty do I question make, That thou among the wastes of time must go, Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die as fast as they see others grow; And nothing’gainst Time’s scythe can make defence Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.
’Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
_They fight; Tybalt falls._ BENVOLIO.
It may be taken for granted that, rash as the Americans usually are, when they are prudent there is good reason for it.
It helps you to understand other people’s misfortunes if you’ve been through the same thing yourself.
Beginning with a _critique_ of my own limbs, which she said, justly enough, were nothing to write home about, this girl went on to dissect my manners, morals, intellect, general physique, and method of eating asparagus with such acerbity that by the time she had finished the best you could say of Bertram was that, so far as was known, he had never actually committed murder or set fire to an orphan asylum.
Because women can do nothing except love, they've given it a ridiculous importance.
All men are mad in some way or the other; and inasmuch as you deal discreetly with your madmen, so deal with God's madmen, too the rest of the world.
In a well-governed State, there are few punishments, not because there are many pardons, but because criminals are rare; it is when a State is in decay that the multitude of crimes is a guarantee of impunity.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
His allegiance to man seemed somehow a law of his being greater than the love of liberty, of kind and kin.
And yet how simple it is: in one day, _in one hour_ everything could be arranged at once! The chief thing is to love others like yourself, that's the great thing, and that's everything; nothing else is wanted you will find out at once how to arrange it all. And yet it's an old truth which has been told and retold a billion times but it has not formed part of our lives! The consciousness of life is higher than life, the knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than happiness that is what one must contend against.
You will see great sorrow, and in that sorrow you will be happy.
What a fool I was, said he, not to tear my heart out on the day when I resolved to avenge myself! Chapter 90.
Joy to hearts which have suffered long is like the dew on the ground after a long drought; both the heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them, and nothing is outwardly apparent.
And this malady, which was Swann's love, had so far multiplied, was so closely interwoven with all his habits, with all his actions, with his thoughts, his health, his sleep, his life, even with what he hoped for after his death, was so entirely one with him that it would have been impossible to wrest it away without almost entirely destroying him; as surgeons say, his case was past operation.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
It's because heaven is the most angelically dull place in all creation: that's why.
As for their common design, that I understood too well to be drawn into any more snares of that kind.
But it was one of those moments when neither seemed to speak deliberately, when an indwelling voice in each called to the other across unsounded depths of feeling.
One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, can not be trusted to move at any recognized pace.
She could no longer borrow from the future to help her through the present grief.
Nor should wise legislators wholly govern themselves by precedents, and conclude that, since scourging has so long prevailed, some virtue must reside in it.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
But humanity never gets beyond the caterpillar stageâit rots in the chrysalis, it never will have wings.
If you want to slip into a round hole, you must make a ball of yourself; that’s where it is.
It is our own world, Golden One, a strange, unknown world, but our own.
He felt a great pity for Aunt Louisa, and he loved her suddenly because she loved him.
Man's desire for the approval of his fellows is so strong, his dread of their censure so violent, that he himself has brought his enemy within his gates; and it keeps watch over him, vigilant always in the interests of its master to crush any half-formed desire to break away from the herd.
We do not hear that Memnon’s statue gave forth its melody at all under the rushing of the mightiest wind, or in response to any other influence divine or human than certain short-lived sunbeams of morning; and we must learn to accommodate ourselves to the discovery that some of those cunningly fashioned instruments called human souls have only a very limited range of music, and will not vibrate in the least under a touch that fills others with tremulous rapture or quivering agony.
That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty.
But’tis strange: And oftentimes to win us to our harm, The instruments of darkness tell us truths; Win us with honest trifles, to betray’s In deepest consequence.— Cousins, a word, I pray you.
This is too long.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
Death, that hath ta’en her hence to make me wail, Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.
I took it for granted, therefore, that the earth still held them; and you will scarcely be surprised when I tell you that I felt a hope, nearly amounting to certainty, that the parchment so strangely found, involved a lost record of the place of deposit.
I, measuring his affections by my own, Which then most sought where most might not be found, Being one too many by my weary self, Pursu’d my humour, not pursuing his, And gladly shunn’d who gladly fled from me.
You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring.
Live all you can; it’s a mistake not to.
They are but beggars that can count their worth; But my true love is grown to such excess, I can not sum up sum of half my wealth.
It is the first changes among familiar things that make such a mystery of time to the young, afterwards we lose the sense of the mysterious.
All that he gained for his sixpenny omnibus ride, was a more vivid conviction that there never was, never could be, any one like Margaret; that she did not love him and never would; but that she no! nor the whole world should never hinder him from loving her.
That of an hour’s age doth hiss the speaker; Each minute teems a new one.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Scornful Lysander, true, he hath my love; And what is mine my love shall render him; And she is mine, and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius.
Adieu, my lord, I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze, But that this folly douts it.
He had killed man, the noblest game of all, and he had killed in the face of the law of club and fang.
He had been suddenly jerked from the heart of civilization and flung into the heart of things primordial.
Her training warned her of peril and of wrong, subtle, mysterious, luring; while her instincts rang clarion-voiced through her being, impelling her to hurdle caste and place and gain to this traveller from another world, to this uncouth young fellow with lacerated hands and a line of raw red caused by the unaccustomed linen at his throat, who, all too evidently, was soiled and tainted by ungracious existence.
The clocks were striking midnight and the rooms were very still as a figure glided quietly from bed to bed, smoothing a coverlet here, settling a pillow there, and pausing to look long and tenderly at each unconscious face, to kiss each with lips that mutely blessed, and to pray the fervent prayers which only mothers utter. As she lifted the curtain to look out into the dreary night, the moon broke suddenly from behind the clouds and shone upon her like a bright, benignant face, which seemed to whisper in the silence, Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.
Show me how, I’ll do anything you say.
The army is the only order of men sufficiently united to concur in the same sentiments, and powerful enough to impose them on the rest of their fellow-citizens; but the temper of soldiers, habituated at once to violence and to slavery, renders them very unfit guardians of a legal, or even a civil constitution.
Oh, gentlemen, do you know, perhaps I consider myself an intelligent man, only because all my life I have been able neither to begin nor to finish anything.
His name is lost, indeed, but the breath he breathed still stirs the pine-tops on the mountains, the sound of the words he spoke yet echoes on through space; the thoughts his brain gave birth to we have inherited to-day; his passions are our cause of life; the joys and sorrows that he knew are our familiar friends—the end from which he fled aghast will surely overtake us also! Truly the universe is full of ghosts, not sheeted churchyard spectres, but the inextinguishable elements of individual life, which having once been, can never _die_, though they blend and change, and change again for ever.
Good‐by, Katerina Ivanovna; you can’t be angry with me, for I am a hundred times more severely punished than you, if only by the fact that I shall never see you again.
They lapsed into silence.
Women are so strange in their influence that they tempt you to misplaced kindness.
To have lost is less disturbing than to wonder if we may possibly have won; and Eustacia could now, like other people at such a stage, take a standing-point outside herself, observe herself as a disinterested spectator, and think what a sport for Heaven this woman Eustacia was.
Battle within battle must ever be recurring with varying success; and yet in the long-run the forces are so nicely balanced, that the face of nature remains uniform for long periods of time, though assuredly the merest trifle would often give the victory to one organic being over another.
Her experience had been of a kind to teach her, rightly or wrongly, that the doubtful honour of a brief transit through a sorry world hardly called for effusiveness, even when the path was suddenly irradiated at some half-way point by daybeams rich as hers.
And the thought of being engaged to a girl who talked openly about fairies being born because stars blew their noses, or whatever it was, frankly appalled me.
Now India is a place beyond all others where one must not take things too seriously the midday sun always excepted.
When we see that almost everything men devote their lives to attain, sparing no effort and encountering a thousand toils and dangers in the process, has, in the end, no further object than to raise themselves in the estimation of others; when we see that not only offices, titles, decorations, but also wealth, nay, even knowledge1 and art, are striven for only to obtain, as the ultimate goal of all effort, greater respect from one's fellowmen, is not this a lamentable proof of the extent to which human folly can go? To set much too high a value on other people's opinion is a common error everywhere; an error, it may be, rooted in human nature itself, or the result of civilization, and social arrangements generally; but, whatever its source, it exercises a very immoderate influence on all we do, and is very prejudicial to our happiness.
As the man looks back to the days of his childhood and his youth, and recalls to his mind the strange notions and false opinions that swayed his actions at that time, that he may wonder at them; so should society, for its edification, look back to the opinions which governed the ages fled.
It was Silver’s voice, and before I had heard a dozen words, I would not have shown myself for all the world, but lay there, trembling and listening, in the extreme of fear and curiosity, for from these dozen words I understood that the lives of all the honest men aboard depended upon me alone.
With character, Trot with strength of character that is not to be influenced, except on good reason, by anybody, or by anything.
It’s like other people, you know, and I always envy girls who do such things, I’m so fond of luxury, said Meg, trying to decide which of two shabby gowns was the least shabby.
There is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty; and there is nothing it professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth! You fear the world too much, she answered, gently.
Let them but once clearly perceive that its grand principle is to make business for itself at their expense, and surely they will cease to grumble.
You will wear it to-night next your heart, and as we dance together it will tell you how I love you.
Each man lived his own life and paid his own price for living it.
Do you know I am afraid that good people do a great deal of harm in this world.
‘Mr Rokesmith, it seems so long since we spoke together naturally, that I am embarrassed in approaching another subject.
He had never known before the strength of the want in his heart for the frequent recognition of a nod, a look, a word; or the immense amount of relief that had been poured into it by drops through such small means.
In a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
I am but too conscious of the fact that we are born in an age when only the dull are treated seriously, and I live in terror of not being misunderstood.
She lets her clever tongue run away with her sometimes.
Old father, old artificer, stand me now and ever in good stead.
They would be alone, surrounded by darkness and silence: and in that moment of supreme tenderness he would be transfigured.
It never reaches anything or stops anything.
A wondrous subtle thing is love, for here were we two who had never seen each other before that day, between whom no word or even look of affection had ever passed, and yet now in an hour of trouble our hands instinctively sought for each other.
I don’t understand, he said, how it is that the mind of man can not attain the knowledge of which you speak.
A man of the present day, whether he believes in the divinity of Christ or not, can not fail to see that to assist in the capacity of tzar, minister, governor, or commissioner in taking from a poor family its last cow for taxes to be spent on cannons, or on the pay and pensions of idle officials, who live in luxury and are worse than useless; or in putting into prison some man we have ourselves corrupted, and throwing his family on the streets; or in plundering and butchering in war; or in inculcating savage and idolatrous superstitions in the place of the law of Christ; or in impounding the cow found on one's land, though it belongs to a man who has no land; or to cheat the workman in a factory, by imposing fines for accidentally spoiled articles; or making a poor man pay double the value for anything simply because he is in the direst poverty; not a man of the present day can fail to know that all these actions are base and disgraceful, and that they need not do them.
The best works of art are the expression of man’s struggle to free himself from this condition, but the effect of our art is merely to make this low state comfortable and that higher state to be forgotten.
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores, the foreign faces, the changing immensity of life, glide past, veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself, which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny.
These companions and he laid his hand on some of the books have been good friends to me, and for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure.
Jane, you please me, and you master me—you seem to submit, and I like the sense of pliancy you impart; and while I am twining the soft, silken skein round my finger, it sends a thrill up my arm to my heart.
He can not now see very distinctly: he can not read or write much; but he can find his way without being led by the hand: the sky is no longer a blank to him—the earth no longer a void.
As yet I had spoken to no one, nor did anybody seem to take notice of me; I stood lonely enough: but to that feeling of isolation I was accustomed; it did not oppress me much.
The feeling called love is and has been for two years the predominant emotion of my heart always there, always awake, always astir.
I think, scathed as you look, and charred and scorched, there must be a little sense of life in you yet, rising out of that adhesion at the faithful, honest roots: you will never have green leaves more—never more see birds making nests and singing idyls in your boughs; the time of pleasure and love is over with you: but you are not desolate: each of you has a comrade to sympathise with him in his decay.
To this crib I always took my doll; human beings must love something, and, in the dearth of worthier objects of affection, I contrived to find a pleasure in loving and cherishing a faded graven image, shabby as a miniature scarecrow.
At this period of my life, my heart far oftener swelled with thankfulness than sank with dejection: and yet, reader, to tell you all, in the midst of this calm, this useful existence—after a day passed in honourable exertion amongst my scholars, an evening spent in drawing or reading contentedly alone—I used to rush into strange dreams at night: dreams many-coloured, agitated, full of the ideal, the stirring, the stormy—dreams where, amidst unusual scenes, charged with adventure, with agitating risk and romantic chance, I still again and again met Mr. Rochester, always at some exciting crisis; and then the sense of being in his arms, hearing his voice, meeting his eye, touching his hand and cheek, loving him, being loved by him—the hope of passing a lifetime at his side, would be renewed, with all its first force and fire.
To speak of these things and to try to understand their nature and, having understood it, to try slowly and humbly and constantly to express, to press out again, from the gross earth or what it brings forth, from sound and shape and colour which are the prison gates of our soul, an image of the beauty we have come to understand—that is art.
It's both difficult and hard at the same time to deal with them, and there's hardly any reason for it.
In woman’s womb word is made flesh but in the spirit of the maker all flesh that passes becomes the word that shall not pass away.
Success for us is the death of the intellect and of the imagination.
In the dark night, across the bleak wilderness guide us on to our Lord Jesus, guide us home._ His eyes were dimmed with tears and, looking humbly up to heaven, he wept for the innocence he had lost.
God is always the last resource.
hush thee, my baby, the night is behind us, And black are the waters that sparkled so green.
They don't want clever men; clever men have ideas, and ideas cause trouble; they want men who have charm and tact and who can be counted on never to make a blunder.
Kitty knew too well that she had done nothing to beget her father's affection, he had never counted in the house and had been taken for granted, the bread-winner who was a little despised because he could provide no more luxuriously for his family; but she had taken for granted that he loved her just because he was her father, and it was a shock to discover that his heart was empty of feeling for her.
To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults.
The invulnerable dead man forced a way for himself.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
You who are in power have only the means that money produces—we who are in expectation, have those which devotion prompts.
There are some situations which men understand by instinct, but which reason is powerless to explain; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
But I tell you—and you may mark my words—you will come some day to a craggy pass in the channel, where the whole of life’s stream will be broken up into whirl and tumult, foam and noise: either you will be dashed to atoms on crag points, or lifted up and borne on by some master-wave into a calmer current—as I am now.
He liked to see them as silly, as light-headed, as vain, as open to ridicule as possible, because they were then in reality what he held them to be, and wished them to be inferior, toys to play with, to amuse a vacant hour, and to be thrown away.
She never let people forget what she had done for them—and, that way she missed love.
It seemed to be a part of the thickening darkness, to be the winter night itself descending on us layer by layer.
Outside it, in the scene of his actual life, he moved with a growing sense of unreality and insufficiency, blundering against familiar prejudices and traditional points of view as an absent-minded man goes on bumping into the furniture of his own room.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
We find that whole communities suddenly fix their minds upon one object, and go mad in its pursuit; that millions of people become simultaneously impressed with one delusion, and run after it, till their attention is caught by some new folly more captivating than the first.
Society never made the preposterous demand that a man should think as much about his own qualifications for making a charming girl happy as he thinks of hers for making himself happy.
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it, —if it were not the earth where the same flowers come up again every spring that we used to gather with our tiny fingers as we sat lisping to ourselves on the grass; the same hips and haws on the autumn’s hedgerows; the same redbreasts that we used to call God’s birds, because they did no harm to the precious crops.
Jem replied with equal excitement And if you dare to injure her in the least, I will await you where no policeman can step in between.
But now, in this real great time of reasonable fear and nearness of terror, she forgot herself, and felt only an intense sympathy intense to painfulness in the interests of the moment.
Sometimes I assure you I can hardly understand him.
After ordering and consuming a light supper of sucking pig, he undressed, plunged beneath the bedclothes, and sank into the profound slumber which comes only to such fortunate folk as are troubled neither with mosquitoes nor fleas nor excessive activity of brain.
But there were hours when her child heart might almost have broken with loneliness but for three people.
She is always starving for new books to gobble, and she wants grown-up books great, big, fat ones French and German as well as English history and biography and poets, and all sorts of things.
I am tired to death of myself; I would give all I possess to get out of myself; but somehow, at the end, I find myself so vastly more interesting than nine tenths of the people I meet.
_Ant._ Nor I; my spirits are nimble.
We fail? But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
We find, in all these records of the past, philosophies and dreams, and efforts stained with tears, of great and tender souls who tried to pierce the mystery of life and death, to answer the eternal questions of the Whence and Whither, and vainly sought to make, with bits of shattered glass, a mirror that would, in very truth, reflect the face and form of Nature's perfect self. These myths were born of hopes, and fears, and tears, and smiles, and they were touched and colored by all there is of joy and grief between the rosy dawn of birth, and death's sad night.
From the dim regions beyond the mountains at the upper end of our encircled domain, there crept out a narrow and deep river, brighter than all save the eyes of Eleonora; and, winding stealthily about in mazy courses, it passed away, at length, through a shadowy gorge, among hills still dimmer than those whence it had issued.
There was an iciness, a sinking, a sickening of the heart, an unredeemed dreariness of thought which no goading of the imagination could torture into aught of the sublime.
After the happy days came the happy nights, the happy, happy nights, with her asleep close against his heart, with her when he woke in the morning still close against his heart, for they hardly moved in their deep, happy sleep.
Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions a walk, a talk, solitude in one's own orchard can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind.
There are some books that _live_, she mused.
You remember the old tale of the English clergyman who gave the last rites to the brigand of Sicily, and how on his death-bed the great robber said,‘I can give you no money, but I can give you advice for a lifetime: your thumb on the blade, and strike upwards.’So I say to you, strike upwards, if you strike at the stars.
Yes, as every one knows, meditation and water are wedded for ever.
Nothing so aggravates an earnest person as a passive resistance.
It rather proceeds from a certain hopelessness of remedying excessive and organic ill. To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
I found in myself, and still find, an instinct toward a higher, or, as it is named, spiritual life, as do most men, and another toward a primitive rank and savage one, and I reverence them both.
I had three pieces of limestone on my desk, but I was terrified to find that they required to be dusted daily, when the furniture of my mind was all undusted still, and I threw them out the window in disgust.
Men do not love those who remind them of their sins unless they have a mind to repent and the mulatto child’s face is a standing accusation against him who is master and father to the child.
But when288 the sweet world thou again dost win, I pray thee bring me among men to mind; No more I tell, nor new reply begin.
We are ashamed of everything that is real about us; ashamed of ourselves, of our relatives, of our incomes, of our accents, of our opinions, of our experience, just as we are ashamed of our naked skins.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
The fact that God loves man shows us that in the divine order of ideal things it is written that eternal love is to be given to what is eternally unworthy.
It is the last resource of those who know not how to dream.
I like being missed.
To test reality we must see it on the tight rope.
It was true that as one watched life in its curious crucible of pain and pleasure, one could not wear over one’s face a mask of glass, nor keep the sulphurous fumes from troubling the brain and making the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and misshapen dreams.
London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years.
I tremble with pleasure when I think that on the very day of my leaving prison both the laburnum and the lilac will be blooming in the gardens, and that I shall see the wind stir into restless beauty the swaying gold of the one, and make the other toss the pale purple of its plumes, so that all the air shall be Arabia for me.
The long black nights, when the moon hides her face, when the stars are afraid, are not so black.
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
It always makes people think that he beats her when they’re alone.
Each of us has heaven and hell in him, Basil, cried Dorian with a wild gesture of despair.
Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not to be believed.
Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
She had learnt the lesson of renunciation, and was as familiar with the wreck of each day’s wishes as with the diurnal setting of the sun.
Thoroughly convinced of the impossibility of his own suit, a high resolve constrained him not to injure that of another.
I mean I have not felt about them as most women are taught to feel—to be on their guard against attacks on their virtue; for no average man—no man short of a sensual savage—will molest a woman by day or night, at home or abroad, unless she invites him.
As you got older, and felt yourself to be at the centre of your time, and not at a point in its circumference, as you had felt when you were little, you were seized with a sort of shuddering, he perceived.
Whatever question arose, a swarm of these drones, without having finished their buzzing on a previous theme, flew over to the new one and by their hum drowned and obscured the voices of those who were disputing honestly.
If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man’s highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live forever, there, in the Whole, said Pierre, and he pointed to the sky.
Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
In those first days I envied them, because they were among persons of their own sort, and understood one another; so I thought, but the truth was that their enforced companionship, the comradeship where the word of command went with the whip or the rod, was as much an object of aversion to them as it was to myself, and every one of them tried to keep himself as much to himself as possible.
You're all the things that I see in a sunset when I'm driving in from the country, the things that I like but can't make poetry of.
But, to see it, he must have overleaped at a bound the artificial barriers he had for many years been erecting, between himself and all those subtle essences of humanity which will elude the utmost cunning of algebra until the last trumpet ever to be sounded shall blow even algebra to wreck.
It made me hold my breath in expectation of hearing the wilderness burst into a prodigious peal of laughter that would shake the fixed stars in their places.
I say gradually, because I believe this to be His usual method, while I do not deny that there are cases where light suddenly bursts in like a flood.
I have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, I have no doubt, said Estella, and of course if it ceased to beat I should cease to be.
His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
But it is a strange experience, to a man of pride and sensibility, to know that his interests are within the control of individuals who neither love nor understand him, and by whom, since one or the other must needs happen, he would rather be injured than obliged.
Why is it that when you awake to the world of realities you nearly always feel, sometimes very vividly, that the vanished dream has carried with it some enigma which you have failed to solve? You smile at the extravagance of your dream, and yet you feel that this tissue of absurdity contained some real idea, something that belongs to your true life, —something that exists, and has always existed, in your heart.
She lived a good deal by herself, to herself, working, passing on from day to day, and always thinking, trying to lay hold on life, to grasp it in her own understanding.
For pity’s sake, for shame’s sake, because we are men born of women, and not savage beasts, many of us do not, and dare not, —we would _scorn_ to use the full power which our savage laws put into our hands.
I’m only afraid you are very tired of talking to me.
Strength and beauty must go together.
He seems to me to have betrayed unconsciously, and so early, that timid despair which leads so many in our unhappy society, who dread cynicism and its corrupting influences, and mistakenly attribute all the mischief to European enlightenment, to return to their‘native soil,’as they say, to the bosom, so to speak, of their mother earth, like frightened children, yearning to fall asleep on the withered bosom of their decrepit mother, and to sleep there for ever, only to escape the horrors that terrify them.
There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
He and she, one flesh, out of which life must be put forth.
I hardly know, he said.
It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm. I often found myself regretting my own existence, and wishing myself dead; and but for the hope of being free, I have no doubt but that I should have killed myself, or done something for which I should have been killed.
I have ever found them the meanest and basest, the most cruel and cowardly, of all others.
One farmer says to me, You can not live on vegetable food solely, for it furnishes nothing to make bones with; and so he religiously devotes a part of his day to supplying his system with the raw material of bones; walking all the while he talks behind his oxen, which, with vegetable-made bones, jerk him and his lumbering plough along in spite of every obstacle.
No man ever stood the lower in my estimation for having a patch in his clothes; yet I am sure that there is greater anxiety, commonly, to have fashionable, or at least clean and unpatched clothes, than to have a sound conscience.
She was so tired, so stunned, that she thought she never slept at all; her feverish thoughts passed and repassed the boundary between sleeping and waking, and kept their own miserable identity.
Far away in time, far away in space, seemed all the interests of past days.
In music one can hear everything, said Nikolay quietly.
And I shall go on talking, in a low voice while the sea sounds in the distance and overhead the great black flood of wind polishes the bright stars.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
If Charles had but wished it, if he had guessed it, if his look had but once met her thought, it seemed to her that a sudden plenty would have gone out from her heart, as the fruit falls from a tree when shaken by a hand.
They were expressions of life, and life is always happy when it is expressing itself.
The man’s cub is ours to kill if we choose.
—The sacred pint alone can unbind the tongue of Dedalus, he said.
I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces so full of stupid importance.
Nevertheless, there can be but few of us who had never known one of these rare moments of awakening when we see, hear, understand ever so much everything in a flash before we fall back again into our agreeable somnolence.
You, Tuan, know what war is, and you have seen me in time of danger seek death as other men seek life! A writing may be lost; a lie may be written; but what the eye has seen is truth and remains in the mind!  I remember,  said the white man, quietly.
Now, after what he had heard from el-Tadhil, he began to fear whether in the presence of far greater events, all his acts would not fade into insignificance, just as a drop of rain disappears in the sea.
I do feel that it's really absurd that a man of his intelligence should let himself be made to suffer by a creature of that kind, who isn't even interesting, for they tell me, she's an absolute idiot! she concluded with the wisdom invariably shewn by people who, not being in love themselves, feel that a clever man ought to be unhappy only about such persons as are worth his while; which is rather like being astonished that anyone should condescend to die of cholera at the bidding of so insignificant a creature as the common bacillus.
And once the novelist has brought us to that state, in which, as in all purely mental states, every emotion is multiplied ten-fold, into which his book comes to disturb us as might a dream, but a dream more lucid, and of a more lasting impression than those which come to us in sleep; why, then, for the space of an hour he sets free within us all the joys and sorrows in the world, a few of which, only, we should have to spend years of our actual life in getting to know, and the keenest, the most intense of which would never have been revealed to us because the slow course of their development stops our perception of them. It is the same in life; the heart changes, and that is our worst misfortune; but we learn of it only from reading or by imagination; for in reality its alteration, like that of certain natural phenomena, is so gradual that, even if we are able to distinguish, successively, each of its different states, we are still spared the actual sensation of change.
God help thee, old man, thy thoughts have created a creature in thee; and he whose intense thinking thus makes him a Prometheus; a vulture feeds upon that heart for ever; that vulture the very creature he creates.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
It eats music and pictures and books and mountains and lakes and beautiful things to wear and nice people to be with.
My brother asked the birds to forgive him; that sounds senseless, but it is right; for all is like an ocean, all is flowing and blending; a touch in one place sets up movement at the other end of the earth.
And exactly as in Art one is only concerned with what a particular thing is at a particular moment to oneself, so it is also in the ethical evolution of one's character.
It is pleasant to sit in the green wood, and to watch the Sun in his chariot of gold, and the Moon in her chariot of pearl.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
The animalism of the brute nature in man is disgusting, thought he, but as long as it remains in its naked form we observe it from the height of our spiritual life and despise it; and whether one has fallen or resisted one remains what one was before.
That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.
It is a passive feeling capable of being roused for any object, as the vine can grow on any tree; and the wisdom of the world recognises its strength when it urges a girl to marry the man who wants her with the assurance that love will follow.
No; I imagine, joking apart, that to know love, one must make mistakes and then correct them, said Princess Betsy.
One day, in a moment of despair like yours, since it led to a similar resolution, I also wished to kill myself; one day your father, equally desperate, wished to kill himself too.
He would have wielded a battle-axe with power in centuries in which men hewed their way with them.
Always wanting another man than your own.
Her narrow and supple waist, which a hand may clasp around, sets forth the outline of her rounded figure and the beauty of her bosom, where youth in its flower displays the wealth of its treasures; and beneath the silken folds of her tunic she seems to have been modelled in pure silver by the godlike hand of Vicvarcarma, the immortal sculptor.
It is the way of weakened minds to see everything through a black cloud. The soul forms its own horizons; your soul is darkened, and consequently the sky of the future appears stormy and unpromising.
I know not what to call this, nor will I urge that it is a secret overruling decree, that hurries us on to be the instruments of our own destruction, even though it be before us, and that we rush upon it with our eyes open.
But it was otherwise directed; and it may not be amiss for all people who shall meet with my story to make this just observation from it: How frequently, in the course of our lives, the evil which in itself we seek most to shun, and which, when we are fallen into, is the most dreadful to us, is oftentimes the very means or door of our deliverance, by which alone we can be raised again from the affliction we are fallen into.
And then there stole into my fancy, like a rich musical note, the thought of what sweet rest there must be in the grave.
I was forced to fall back upon the unsatisfactory conclusion, that while, beyond doubt, there _are_ combinations of very simple natural objects which have the power of thus affecting us, still the analysis of this power lies among considerations beyond our depth.
For though we do have to work, we make fun of ourselves, and are a pretty jolly set, as Jo would say.
Adieu, my lord, I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze, But that this folly douts it.
Why, let the strucken deer go weep, The hart ungalled play; For some must watch, while some must sleep, So runs the world away.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
O heart, lose not thy nature; let not ever The soul of Nero enter this firm bosom: Let me be cruel, not unnatural.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
I think I must admit so fair a guest when it asks entrance to my heart.
In sunshine, in prosperity, the flowers are very well; but how many wet days are there in life November seasons of disaster, when a man’s hearth and home would be cold indeed, without the clear, cheering gleam of intellect.
I have a woman’s heart, but not where you are concerned; for you I have only a comrade’s constancy; a fellow-soldier’s frankness, fidelity, fraternity, if you like; a neophyte’s respect and submission to his hierophant: nothing more—don’t fear.
And it can dwell on moonlight glimmer, On evening shade and loneliness; And, while the sky grows dim and dimmer, Feel no untold and strange distress Only a deeper impulse given By lonely hour and darkened room, To solemn thoughts that soar to heaven Seeking a life and world to come.
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
Yet him for this my love no whit disdaineth; Suns of the world may stain when heaven’s sun staineth.
Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends.
Thus with a kiss I die.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
But indefinite visions of ambition are weak against the ease of doing what is habitual or beguilingly agreeable; and we all know the difficulty of carrying out a resolve when we secretly long that it may turn out to be unnecessary.
Desire is chastened into submission, and we are contented with our day when we have been able to bear our grief in silence and act as if we were not suffering.
Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor’s buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder.
How can one ever do anything nobly Christian, living among people with such petty thoughts? No more was said; Dorothea was too much jarred to recover her temper and behave so as to show that she admitted any error in herself.
It is better—it shall be better with me because I have known you.
Our toil must be in silence, and our efforts all in secret; for in this enlightened age, when men believe not even what they see, the doubting of wise men would be his greatest strength.
I saw the fingers and toes grasp the corners of the stones, worn clear of the mortar by the stress of years, and by thus using every projection and inequality move downwards with considerable speed, just as a lizard moves along a wall.
I do not want to kill and dissect myself any longer, to find a secret behind the ruins.
He was open to everything these people brought his way.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
For there can live no hatred in thine eye, Therefore in that I can not know thy change: In many’s looks the false heart’s history Is writ in moods and frowns and wrinkles strange: But Heaven in thy creation did decree That in thy face sweet love should ever dwell: Whate’er thy thoughts or thy heart’s workings be Thy looks should nothing thence but sweetness tell.
It appeared that nobody ever said a thing they meant, or ever talked of a feeling they felt, but that was what music was for.
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper, or from that old baboon, who descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
In fact, Puritanism has never ceased to be the most pernicious factor in the domain of John Bull, acting as censor of the artistic expression of his people, and stamping its approval only on the dullness of middle-class respectability.
He had a confused sense that she must have cost a great deal to make, that a great many dull and ugly people must, in some mysterious way, have been sacrificed to produce her.
Oh, centuries and centuries; so long, she said, that I'm sure I'm dead and buried, and this dear old place is heaven; which, for reasons he could not define, struck Newland Archer as an even more disrespectful way of describing New York society.
It was too late for happiness but not too late to be helped by the thought of what I had missed.
No: but my going is, he answered, cursing the unnecessary explanations that he had given when he had announced his intention of going to Washington, and wondering where he had read that clever liars give details, but that the cleverest do not.
It would mean that I would always be haunted by an intolerable sense of disgrace, and that those things that are meant for me as much as for anybody else the beauty of the sun and moon, the pageant of the seasons, the music of daybreak and the silence of great nights, the rain falling through the leaves, or the dew creeping over the grass and making it silver would all be tainted for me, and lose their healing power, and their power of communicating joy.
I am no more to you than a green bronze figure.
It is not half as useful as Logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true.
Because lips libertine and venal had murmured such words to him, he believed but little in the candour of hers; exaggerated speeches hiding mediocre affections must be discounted; as if the fullness of the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest metaphors, since no one can ever give the exact measure of his needs, nor of his conceptions, nor of his sorrows; and since human speech is like a cracked tin kettle, on which we hammer out tunes to make bears dance when we long to move the stars.
Indifference is the revenge the world takes on mediocrities.
It feels instinctively that manners are of more importance than morals, and, in its opinion, the highest respectability is of much less value than the possession of a good _chef_.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
I don’t know that women are always rewarded for being charming.
I only knew that I had seen perfection face to face, and that the world had become wonderful to my eyes—too wonderful, perhaps, for in such mad worships there is peril, the peril of losing them, no less than the peril of keeping them.
It can never be necessary to do what is not honourable.
I should fancy, however, that murder is always a mistake.
I have always been thinking of the different ways in which Christianity is taught, and whenever I find one way that makes it a wider blessing than any other, I cling to that as the truest—I mean that which takes in the most good of all kinds, and brings in the most people as sharers in it.
When people are engaged, they begin to think of being married soon, said Lucy, too thoroughly preoccupied to notice Maggie’s joke; and I should like everything to go on for a long while just as it is.
This, indeed, was a home, —_home_, —a word that George had never yet known a meaning for; and a belief in God, and trust in his providence, began to encircle his heart, as, with a golden cloud of protection and confidence, dark, misanthropic, pining atheistic doubts, and fierce despair, melted away before the light of a living Gospel, breathed in living faces, preached by a thousand unconscious acts of love and good will, which, like the cup of cold water given in the name of a disciple, shall never lose their reward.
What a rare, powerful, reminiscent flavour Comes out of your falling through the stages of decay: Stream within stream.
In himself he is.
Be not her maid since she is envious; Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it; cast it off.
if it be so, It is a chance which does redeem all sorrows That ever I have felt! To us, perhaps, the knowledge that he is deceived may bring a culmination of pain: but, if it brings _only_ that, I believe we are false to Shakespeare, and it seems almost beyond question that any actor is false to the text who does not attempt to express, in Lear's last accents and gestures and look, an unbearable _joy_.
I don’t think secrets agree with me, I feel rumpled up in my mind since you told me that, said Jo rather ungratefully.
One of the sweet things about pain and sorrow is that they show us how well we are loved, how much kindness there is in the world, and how easily we can make others happy in the same way when they need help and sympathy.
This grieved me heartily; and now I saw, though too late, the folly of beginning a work before we count the cost, and before we judge rightly of our own strength to go through with it.
There is thy gold, worse poison to men’s souls, Doing more murder in this loathsome world Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
There is thy gold, worse poison to men’s souls, Doing more murder in this loathsome world Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
When a man turns a blessing from his door, it falls to them as take it in.
There are glances of hatred that stab and raise no cry of murder; robberies that leave man or woman forever beggared of peace and joy, yet kept secret by the sufferer committed to no sound except that of low moans in the night, seen in no writing except that made on the face by the slow months of suppressed anguish and early morning tears.
A dull mind, once arriving at an inference that flatters a desire, is rarely able to retain the impression that the notion from which the inference started was purely problematic.
God manifests himself to us in the first degree through the life of the universe, and in the second through the thought of man.
I was beside myself with rage.
When he had come to their house, there had been always something, either of over-eagerness or of that kind of vexed annoyance which seemed ready to pre-suppose that he was unjustly judged, and yet felt too proud to try and make himself better understood.
But if you can give way to your husband, she said, speaking to Katharine, as if there were a separate understanding between them, a happy marriage is the happiest thing in the world.
And poetry’s all about feelings—novels are all about feelings.
I think his expression was:‘Whoso forsakes his country forsakes his God.’But let these thirsty Russian souls find, like Columbus’discoverers, a new world; let them find the Russian world, let them search and discover all the gold and treasure that lies hid in the bosom of their own land! Show them the restitution of lost humanity, in the future, by Russian thought alone, and by means of the God and of the Christ of our Russian faith, and you will see how mighty and just and wise and good a giant will rise up before the eyes of the astonished and frightened world; astonished because they expect nothing but the sword from us, because they think they will get nothing out of us but barbarism.
Do you know how it has been with me all day.
I was only thinking that I was born over there, murmured Tess.
There are, I suppose, some men as vain, as selfish, and as heartless as she is, and, perhaps, such women may be useful to punish them.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called—called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come.
It made me hold my breath in expectation of hearing the wilderness burst into a prodigious peal of laughter that would shake the fixed stars in their places.
Your life has been like a cabin where the fire is out and there are no blankets on the floor.
Go and sleep, for the moon sets, and what follows it is not well that thou shouldst see.
But this night our feet must tread in thorny paths; or later, and for ever, the feet you love must walk in paths of flame!
There is reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
Things remain as they were except that he has parted with some of his pets and got a new one.
For in these matters we must not believe the many, who say that free persons only ought to be educated, but we should rather believe the philosophers who say that the educated only are free.
The wicked are never good for anything.
We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories.
We are, all of us, creatures of habit, and when the seeming necessity for schooling ourselves in new ways ceases to exist, we fall naturally and easily into the manners and customs which long usage has implanted ineradicably within us.
Though He is the sole Owner of the cosmos, silently showering us with gifts from life to life, one thing yet remains which He does not own, and which each human heart is empowered to withhold or bestow-man's love. The Creator, in taking infinite pains to shroud with mystery His presence in every atom of creation, could have had but one motive-a sensitive desire that men seek Him only through free will.
I could show you that whatever your powerful mind believes very intensely would instantly come to pass.
We must always remember, however, said Psmith gravely, that poets are also God’s creatures.
You gave too much rein to your imagination.
There was the frightful suspense, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff.
To cast it in with Hyde, was to die to a thousand interests and aspirations, and to become, at a blow and forever, despised and friendless.
Now, though, I felt like I didn't want to ever touch it again.
Listen to us, for we hold the future of mankind in our hands.
I think those day visions were not dark: there was a pleasurable illumination in your eye occasionally, a soft excitement in your aspect, which told of no bitter, bilious, hypochondriac brooding: your look revealed rather the sweet musings of youth when its spirit follows on willing wings the flight of Hope up and on to an ideal heaven.
any more than these little things, that used to be necessary and important to forgotten people, and now have to be guessed at under a magnifying glass and labelled:'Use unknown.
They stood together in the gloom of the spruces, an empty world glimmering about them wide and grey under the stars.
He had her in his arms, her face like a wet flower at his lips, and all their vain terrors shrivelling up like ghosts at sunrise.
Where poverty ceases, avarice begins.
Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in daintiness and determination.
I agree with you, said I; and steam seems to have killed all gratitude in the hearts of sailors.
From these several considerations I think it inevitably follows, that as new species in the course of time are formed through natural selection, others will become rarer and rarer, and finally extinct.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide.
And there is all the difference in the world between paying and being paid.
Thou saw’st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.
I say it is a scandal.
So, if any one man, in his own proper person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody, let him not be backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be spent in that way.
But man’s capacities have never been measured; nor are we to judge of what he can do by any precedents, so little has been tried.
It seems as though mankind has forgotten the laws of its divine Saviour, Who preached love and forgiveness of injuries—and that men attribute the greatest merit to skill in killing one another.
The question how to live had hardly begun to grow a little clearer to him, when a new, insoluble question presented itself—death.
At that instant he knew that all his doubts, even the impossibility of believing with his reason, of which he was aware in himself, did not in the least hinder his turning to God.
I understand the force that in the past gave me life, and now too gives me life.
It was not this spring morning men thought sacred and worthy of consideration not the beauty of God’s world, given for a joy to all creatures, this beauty which inclines the heart to peace, to harmony, and to love, but only their own devices for enslaving one another.
21._ Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
For it matters not how small the beginning may seem to be: what is once well done is done for ever.
I have done everything to that end.
The humiliation of his rejection stung him to the heart, as though it were a fresh wound he had only just received.
It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought, to detect what is sophistical, and to discard what is irrelevant.
The history of culture explains to us the impulses and conditions of life and thought of a writer or a reformer.
There is no distress so complete but that even in the most critical moments the inexplicable sunrise of hope is seen in its depths.
But, difficult though it be to acquire fame, it is an easy thing to keep when once acquired.
It was as though he had sailed for many years over a great waste of waters, with peril and privation, and at last had come upon a fair haven, but as he was about to enter, some contrary wind had arisen and drove him out again into the open sea; and because he had let his mind dwell on these soft meads and pleasant woods of the land, the vast deserts of the ocean filled him with anguish.
It was like making a blunder at a party; there was nothing to do about it, it was dreadfully mortifying, but it showed a lack of sense to ascribe too much importance to it.
She looked upon venery as the natural occupation for men and women, and was ever ready with precept and example from her own wide experience.
How can it dwell where, as Plato says, _continual Becoming and never Being_ is the sole form of existence? In the first place, a man never is happy, but spends his whole life in striving after something which he thinks will make him so; he seldom attains his goal, and when he does, it is only to be disappointed; he is mostly shipwrecked in the end, and comes into harbor with masts and rigging gone. And then, it is all one whether he has been happy or miserable; for his life was never anything more than a present moment always vanishing; and now it is over.
Happy the son whose faith in his mother remains unchanged, and who, through all his wanderings, has kept some filial token to repay her brave and tender love.
But I gave myself up to it; it was an antidote to any pain, and I had more pains than one.
For with eyes made clear by many tears, and a heart softened by the tenderest sorrow, she recognized the beauty of her sister’s life—uneventful, unambitious, yet full of the genuine virtues which‘smell sweet, and blossom in the dust’, the self-forgetfulness that makes the humblest on earth remembered soonest in heaven, the true success which is possible to all.
I shall lie abed late, and do nothing, replied Meg, from the depths of the rocking chair.
And Polly didn't think she had done much; but it was one of the little things which are always waiting to be done in this world of ours, where rainy days come so often, where spirits get out of tune, and duty won't go hand in hand with pleasure. Little things of this sort are especially good work for little people; a kind little thought, an unselfish little act, a cheery little word, are so sweet and comfortable, that no one can fail to feel their beauty and love the giver, no matter how small they are. Mothers do a deal of this sort of thing, unseen, unthanked, but felt and remembered long afterward, and never lost, for this is the simple magic that binds hearts together, and keeps home happy.
She did not rebuke Jo with saintly speeches, only loved her better for her passionate affection, and clung more closely to the dear human love, from which our Father never means us to be weaned, but through which He draws us closer to Himself.
She was very showy, but she was not genuine: she had a fine person, many brilliant attainments; but her mind was poor, her heart barren by nature: nothing bloomed spontaneously on that soil; no unforced natural fruit delighted by its freshness.
Maggie, in her brown frock, with her eyes reddened and her heavy hair pushed back, looking from the bed where her father lay to the dull walls of this sad chamber which was the centre of her world, was a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind, unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.
Nature, however, as has been intimated, is an excellent friend in such cases, sealing the lips, interdicting utterance, commanding a placid dissimulation a dissimulation often wearing an easy and gay mien at first, settling down to sorrow and paleness in time, then passing away, and leaving a convenient stoicism, not the less fortifying because it is half-bitter.
Arraigned at my own bar, Memory having given her evidence of the hopes, wishes, sentiments I had been cherishing since last night—of the general state of mind in which I had indulged for nearly a fortnight past; Reason having come forward and told, in her own quiet way, a plain, unvarnished tale, showing how I had rejected the real, and rabidly devoured the ideal; —I pronounced judgment to this effect: — That a greater fool than Jane Eyre had never breathed the breath of life; that a more fantastic idiot had never surfeited herself on sweet lies, and swallowed poison as if it were nectar.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
I care not in this moment sweet, Though all I have rushed o’er Should come on pinion, strong and fleet, Proclaiming vengeance sore: Though haughty Hate should strike me down, Right, bar approach to me, And grinding Might, with furious frown, Swear endless enmity.
All the pious ideas that had been so long forgotten, returned; he recollected the prayers his mother had taught him, and discovered a new meaning in every word; for in prosperity prayers seem but a mere medley of words, until misfortune comes and the unhappy sufferer first understands the meaning of the sublime language in which he invokes the pity of heaven!
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
Everyone, from the highest to the lowest degree, has his place on the social ladder, and is beset by stormy passions and conflicting interests, as in Descartes’theory of pressure and impulsion.
Take it from someone who's read the Wikipedia entry: this is how the Ottoman Empire was won: maddened horsemen fueled by lethal jet-black coffee-mud.
Remember that you are a human being with a soul and the divine gift of articulate speech: that your native language is the language of Shakespear and Milton and The Bible; and don’t sit there crooning like a bilious pigeon.
It is just the same in everything; nothing is made for man.
O, you have torn my life all to pieces.
It is often flung out as a sort of prop to support a decaying conviction which, whilst strong, required no enunciation to prove it so.
I began this book with the intention of concealing nothing; that those who liked might have the benefit of perusing a fellow-creature’s heart: but we have some thoughts that all the angels in heaven are welcome to behold, but not our brother-men—not even the best and kindest amongst them.
Shallow-brained cheerfulness, foolish dreams, unfounded hopes, you would say; and I will not venture to deny it: suspicions to that effect arose too frequently in my own mind. But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.
It is as if she could tear up all that we know human beings by, and fill these unrecognisable transparences with such a gust of life that they transcend reality.
Moreover to light a fire is the instinctive and resistant act of man when, at the winter ingress, the curfew is sounded throughout Nature.
The life that was so swiftly expanding within him, urged him continually toward the wall of light.
Ingratitude is among them a capital crime, as we read it to have been in some other countries: for they reason thus; that whoever makes ill returns to his benefactor, must needs be a common enemy to the rest of mankind, from whom he has received no obligation, and therefore such a man is not fit to live.
It is a maxim among these lawyers that whatever has been done before, may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice, and the general reason of mankind.
So they couldn’t understand his words any more, although they seemed clear enough to him, clearer than before—perhaps his ears had become used to the sound.
But from the same point, take mankind in mass, and for the most part, they seem a mob of unnecessary duplicates, both contemporary and hereditary.
Why, you're only a sort of thing in his dream; and you're mad too.
Ah, Countess, he said at last, that’s a European talent, she has nothing to learn—what softness, tenderness, and strength.
The one mystery of death, still unsolved, had scarcely passed before his eyes, when another mystery had arisen, as insoluble, urging him to love and to life.
Millions of men, renouncing their human feelings and reason, had to go from west to east to slay their fellows, just as some centuries previously hordes of men had come from the east to the west, slaying their fellows.
The small bright lawn stretched away smoothly to the big bright sea.
You never speak to me you think hard things of me, she murmured.
Little as she was addicted to solitude, there had come to be moments when it seemed a welcome escape from the empty noises of her life.
They had never before avowed their inclination so openly, and Ethan, for a moment, had the illusion that he was a free man, wooing the girl he meant to marry.
I do not believe that I am made of the stuff which constitutes heroes, because, in all of the hundreds of instances that my voluntary acts have placed me face to face with death, I can not recall a single one where any alternative step to that I took occurred to me until many hours later.
Through tatter'd clothes small vices do appear; Robes and furr'd gowns hide all.
And that he should be stirred by it marked the completeness with which he harked back through the ages of fire and roof to the raw beginnings of life in the howling ages.
It remained to him a white wall of light.
I will take my stand, where, as a child, my parents placed me, until the clear truth be found out.
People were frightened at the time, but on looking back they rather liked it; it was a fine excitement in a quiet country life, and there was even a party of the younger men who pretended to admire him, calling him a true sea-dog and a real old salt and such like names, and saying there was the sort of man that made England terrible at sea.
Like everyone who possesses something precious, so as to know what would happen if he ceased for a moment to possess it, he had detached the precious object from his mind, leaving, as he thought, everything else in the same state as when it was there.
We’ll be a great deal to one another, if we are thrown off and left desolate.
Molly knew that little bird from her childhood, and had always hated it, and longed to wring its neck.
Oh, Margaret, let me see him before I die! Margaret did not think of anything that might be utterly unreasonable in this speech: we do not look for reason or logic in the passionate entreaties of those who are sick unto death; we are stung with the recollection of a thousand slighted opportunities of fulfilling the wishes of those who will soon pass away from among us: and do they ask us for the future happiness of our lives, we lay it at their feet, and will it away from us.
Yet it was very difficult to separate her interpretation, and keep it distinct from his meaning.
In the case of Lord Brancaster's parrot You are falling into your old error, Jeeves, of thinking that Gussie is a parrot.
CHAPTER VIII Something I owe to the soil that grew— More to the life that fed— But most to Allah Who gave me two Separate sides to my head.
All the spring may be hidden in the single bud, and the low ground nest of the lark may hold the joy that is to herald the feet of many rose-red dawns.
I lost one illusion last night.
My duty as a gentleman has never interfered with my pleasures in the smallest degree.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
It will be a marvellous thing—the true personality of man—when we see it.
Modern, no less than Ancient History, supplies us with many most painful examples of what I refer to.
A man who marries without knowing Bunbury has a very tedious time of it.
When sometimes I am reminded that the mechanics and shopkeepers stay in their shops not only all the forenoon, but all the afternoon too, sitting with crossed legs, so many of them—as if the legs were made to sit upon, and not to stand or walk upon—I think that they deserve some credit for not having all committed suicide long ago.
When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, —that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
It makes but little difference whether you are committed to a farm or the county jail.
The moon had spread over everything a thin layer of silver—over the rank grass, over the mud, upon the wall of matted vegetation standing higher than the wall of a temple, over the great river I could see through a sombre gap glittering, glittering, as it flowed broadly by without a murmur.
Before coming to that, I have to prove what I have just asserted.
Let men tremble to win the hand of woman, unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart! Else it may be their miserable fortune, as it was Roger Chillingworth’s, when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities, to be reproached even for the calm content, the marble image of happiness, which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality.
Be silent in that solitude, 5 Which is not loneliness for then The spirits of the dead, who stood In life before thee, are again In death around thee, and their will Shall overshadow thee; be still.
It is our own world, Golden One, a strange, unknown world, but our own.
The best study for such a day or the best amusement: call it what you will is a book of travels describing scenes the most unlike that sombre one which is mistily presented through the windows.
We behold the face of nature bright with gladness, we often see superabundance of food; we do not see, or we forget, that the birds which are idly singing round us mostly live on insects or seeds, and are thus constantly destroying life; or we forget how largely these songsters, or their eggs, or their nestlings, are destroyed by birds and beasts of prey; we do not always bear in mind, that though food may be now superabundant, it is not so at all seasons of each recurring year.
Africa, or North and South America, are well-sounding names, and easily pronounced; but it is not until having sailed for weeks along small portions of their shores, that one is thoroughly convinced what vast spaces on our immense world these names imply.
He is a bulky man, and couldn't get through the window.
But seriously now— I am afraid that if you want to go down into history you’ll have to do something for it.
Men act badly sometimes without being much worse than others, he said after some hesitation.
It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm. I often found myself regretting my own existence, and wishing myself dead; and but for the hope of being free, I have no doubt but that I should have killed myself, or done something for which I should have been killed.
The driver examined him, but could find nothing.
To man has been given the grief, often, of seeing his gods overthrown and his altars crumbling; but to the wolf and the wild dog that have come in to crouch at man’s feet, this grief has never come. Unlike man, whose gods are of the unseen and the overguessed, vapours and mists of fancy eluding the garmenture of reality, wandering wraiths of desired goodness and power, intangible out-croppings of self into the realm of spirit—unlike man, the wolf and the wild dog that have come in to the fire find their gods in the living flesh, solid to the touch, occupying earth-space and requiring time for the accomplishment of their ends and their existence.
He entered upon each system with a little thrill of excitement, expecting to find in each some guide by which he could rule his conduct; he felt himself like a traveller in unknown countries and as he pushed forward the enterprise fascinated him; he read emotionally, as other men read pure literature, and his heart leaped as he discovered in noble words what himself had obscurely felt.
You are puzzled because you can not get over the idea that pleasures are only of the senses; but, child, a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.
Wounded vanity can make a woman more vindictive than a lioness robbed of her cubs.
But when he has done this, let him not say that he knows better than his master, for he only holds a candle in sunshine.
Over the river a golden ray of sun came through the hosts of leaden rain clouds.
Disagreeable is a word that describes your feelings and not my actions.
No one knows what capacities for doing and suffering he has in himself, until something comes to rouse them to activity: just as in a pond of still water, lying there like a mirror, there is no sign of the roar and thunder with which it can leap from the precipice, and yet remain what it is; or again, rise high in the air as a fountain.
It is a blessing that we do not know what is really going to happen.
The wise man will, above all, strive after freedom from pain and annoyance, quiet and leisure, consequently a tranquil, modest life, with as few encounters as may be; and so, after a little experience of his so-called fellowmen, he will elect to live in retirement, or even, if he is a man of great intellect, in solitude.
That immaculate manliness we feel within ourselves, so far within us, that it remains intact though all the outer character seem gone; bleeds with keenest anguish at the undraped spectacle of a valor-ruined man.
But he was not always alone, because, years afterward, he became a man and married.
'It is the hardest thing in the world to frighten a mongoose, because he is eaten up from nose to tail with curiosity.
By which words I mean that the cool peace and dewy sweetness of the night filled me with a mood of hope: not hope on any definite point, but a general sense of encouragement and heart-ease.
There is, in lovers, a certain infatuation of egotism; they will have a witness of their happiness, cost that witness what it may.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
Thus each household, though living as one family, had its own fortune.
But her heart is aching.
She pronounced the word married as if her voice caressed it.
The worst of doing one's duty was that it apparently unfitted one for doing anything else.
Most timidities have such secret compensations, and Miss Bart was discerning enough to know that the inner vanity is generally in proportion to the outer self-depreciation.
After a pause she sighed: The poor people are stupid from poverty, and the rich from greed.
I mean, if the President can manage it, I'm sure you can.
He is almost at his last gasp, yet he corrupts others.
That’s when all are equal and all have property in common, there are no marriages, and every one has any religion and laws he likes best, and all the rest of it.
In the ill-judged execution of the well-judged plan of things the call seldom produces the comer, the man to love rarely coincides with the hour for loving.
I believe in you and I’ll tell everyone in the world that you are the only thing that matters.
In a worse position than you, Nastenka, because he cared for no one else as you do.
Silence has sometimes a remarkable power of showing itself as the disembodied soul of feeling wandering without its carcase, and it is then more impressive than speech.
And as I have often said, you are absolutely the most ethereal, least sensual woman I ever knew to exist without inhuman sexlessness.
Being proposed to is all very nice and all that sort of thing, but it isn't at all a happy thing when you have to see a poor fellow, whom you know loves you honestly, going away and looking all broken-hearted, and to know that, no matter what he may say at the moment, you are passing quite out of his life.
I hate to be what is called a clever girl—there are too many of that sort now! answered Sue sensitively.
When you let them into your life, you find that the woman is driving at one thing and you’re driving at another.
You would have let old John be cut to bits, and never given it a thought, doctor.
How many it had cost in the amassing, what blood and sorrow, what good ships scuttled on the deep, what brave men walking the plank blindfold, what shot of cannon, what shame and lies and cruelty, perhaps no man alive could tell.
What everybody echoes or in silence passes by as true to-day may turn out to be falsehood to-morrow, mere smoke of opinion, which some had trusted for a cloud that would sprinkle fertilizing rain on their fields.
He heard nothing but the swish of scythes, and saw before him Tit’s upright figure mowing away, the crescent-shaped curve of the cut grass, the grass and flower heads slowly and rhythmically falling before the blade of his scythe, and ahead of him the end of the row, where would come the rest.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
If you are ready to leave father and mother, and brother and sister, and wife and child and friends, and never see them again, —if you have paid your debts, and made your will, and settled all your affairs, and are a free man; then you are ready for a walk.
Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
In Varenka she realized that one has but to forget oneself and love others, and one will be calm, happy, and noble.
One dream haunted her almost every night.
And the light by which she had read the book filled with troubles, falsehoods, sorrow, and evil, flared up more brightly than ever before, lighted up for her all that had been in darkness, flickered, began to grow dim, and was quenched forever.
Moral: Attachment is blinding; it lends an imaginary halo of attractiveness to the object of desire.
Everything else is complex.
It is our own world, Golden One, a strange, unknown world, but our own.
Only, when one believes in the reality of a thing, making it visible by artificial means is not quite the same as feeling that it is close at hand.
None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
But I still wonder how it was possible, in those graceless years of transition, long ago, that men did not see whither they were going, and went on, in blindness and cowardice, to their fate.
I understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
I take it as a good omen for the future and invite you to my wedding on the spot, answered Mr. Brooke, who felt at peace with all mankind, even his mischievous pupil.
Though I believe in fact I know, she would have rejected you, still to have loved her without return would have lifted you higher than all those, be they who they may, that have ever known her to love.
Perhaps, if I saw more of those absent ones, I would not love them so well at least, that is what I think on wet days when the wind is howling round the house and all nature is overcome with grief; and it has actually happened once or twice when great friends have been staying with me that I have wished, when they left, I might not see them again for at least ten years.
I love tulips better than any other spring flower; they are the embodiment of alert cheerfulness and tidy grace, and next to a hyacinth look like a wholesome, freshly tubbed young girl beside a stout lady whose every movement weighs down the air with patchouli.
If then the fruit may be known by the tree, as the tree by the fruit, then peremptorily I speak it, there is virtue in that Falstaff: him keep with, the rest banish.
It is dictatorial too: it is always making ordinary men into prophets, and changing the natural stumbling trip of human speech into the solemn and stately march of pens.
Instead of giving way to thoughts of the worst he actually found he was trying to believe in better things.
How often is it the case that, when impossibilities have come to pass and dreams have condensed their misty substance into tangible realities, we find ourselves calm, and even coldly self-possessed, amid circumstances which it would have been a delirium of joy or agony to anticipate! Fate delights to thwart us thus.
In this republican country, amid the fluctuating waves of our social life, somebody is always at the drowning-point.
If I didn’t care about doing right, and didn’t feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
You are too much alike and too fond of freedom, not to mention hot tempers and strong wills, to get on happily together, in a relation which needs infinite patience and forbearance, as well as love.
Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor’s buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder.
The most powerful movement of feeling with a liturgy is the prayer which seeks for nothing special, but is a yearning to escape from the limitations of our own weakness and an invocation of all Good to enter and abide with us; or else a self-oblivious lifting up of Gladness, a _Gloria in excelsis_ that such Good exists; both the yearning and the exaltation gathering their utmost force from the sense of communion in a form which has expressed them both, for long generations of struggling fellow-men.
In bed our yesterdays are too oppressive: if a man can only get up, though it be but to whistle or to smoke, he has a present which offers some resistance to the past—sensations which assert themselves against tyrannous memories.
Childhood has no forebodings; but then, it is soothed by no memories of outlived sorrow.
He once called her his basil plant; and when she asked for an explanation, said that basil was a plant which had flourished wonderfully on a murdered man’s brains.
I think his own feelings at that moment were perfect, for we mortals have our divine moments, when love is satisfied in the completeness of the beloved object.
She stood apart from moral interests, yet close beside them, like a ghost that revisits the familiar fireside, and can no longer make itself seen or felt; no more smile with the household joy, nor mourn with the kindred sorrow; or, should it succeed in manifesting its forbidden sympathy, awakening only terror and horrible repugnance.
We should bear in mind that, in general, it is the object of our newspapers rather to create a sensation—to make a point—than to further the cause of truth.
It will be found, in fact, that the ingenious are always fanciful, and the _truly_ imaginative never otherwise than analytic.
I make no manner of doubt that you threw a very diamond of truth at me, though you see it hit me so directly in the face that it wasn’t exactly appreciated, at first.
She bent her head, put her fingers between her lips, while the bitterness surged up in her heart.
Think how long we clung to the institution of human slavery, how long lashes upon the naked back were a legal tender for labor performed.
He always smiles, even when contemplating nothing good.
He had slipped, climbed, rolled, searched, walked, persevered, that is all.
Ecclesiastes calls you the All-powerful; the Maccabees call you the Creator; the Epistle to the Ephesians calls you liberty; Baruch calls you Immensity; the Psalms call you Wisdom and Truth; John calls you Light; the Books of Kings call you Lord; Exodus calls you Providence; Leviticus, Sanctity; Esdras, Justice; the creation calls you God; man calls you Father; but Solomon calls you Compassion, and that is the most beautiful of all your names.
THIS WILL KILL THAT.
If she is to have a fall, said Mrs. Almond, with a gentle laugh, we must spread as many carpets as we can.
It is because Humanity has never known where it was going that it has been able to find its way.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
And the child smiled on the Giant, and said to him, You let me play once in your garden, to-day you shall come with me to my garden, which is Paradise.
I prefer to be the head of a fly rather than the tail of a lion.
He had, they said, tasted in succession all the apples of the tree of knowledge, and, whether from hunger or disgust, had ended by tasting the forbidden fruit.
The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things, and it is unsportsmanlike to touch him.
Had it been possible for the earth and mankind to be entirely in her grasp for a while, she had handled the distaff, the spindle, and the shears at her own free will, few in the world would have noticed the change of government.
There is always an inertia to be overcome in striking out a new line of conduct—not more in ourselves, it seems, than in circumscribing events, which appear as if leagued together to allow no novelties in the way of amelioration.
Excess of grief, like excess of joy is a violent thing which lasts but a short time.
They are not long, but passing sweet, and just like himself, full of ardent affection, and playful lively humour; but there is always a _but_ in this imperfect world, and I do wish he would _sometimes_ be serious.
I shoved on a dressing-gown, and flew downstairs like a mighty, rushing wind.
It resembled the movements of a fly that had fallen into an ink-pot, and subsequently taken a little brisk exercise on a sheet of foolscap by way of restoring the circulation.
Fortunate indeed are those in which there is combined a little good and a little bad, a little knowledge of many things outside their own callings, a capacity for love and a capacity for hate, for such as these can look with tolerance upon all, unbiased by the egotism of him whose head is so heavy on one side that all his brains run to that point.
This is the month of quiet days, crimson creepers, and blackberries; of mellow afternoons in the ripening garden; of tea under the acacias instead of the too shady beeches; of wood-fires in the library in the chilly evenings.
The library is not used by the Man of Wrath; it is neutral ground where we meet in the evenings for an hour before he disappears into his own rooms a series of very smoky dens in the southeast corner of the house.
Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown.
No, my friend, this evidence has been very cleverly manufactured—so cleverly that it has defeated its own ends.
I should like my house to be often full if I could find people capable of enjoying themselves.
'Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness.
A cordial word from his lips, or a gentle look from his eyes, would do me good, for all the span of life that remained to me; it would be comfort in the last strait of loneliness; I would take it—I would taste the elixir, and pride should not spill the cup.
For the freedom of Man.
But he said, in substance, to himself that if the earth and the moon were about to clash, many persons would doubtless plan to get upon the roofs to witness the collision.
Instead of living for, in, and with yourself, as a reasonable being ought, you seek only to fasten your feebleness on some other person’s strength: if no one can be found willing to burden her or himself with such a fat, weak, puffy, useless thing, you cry out that you are ill-treated, neglected, miserable. Then, too, existence for you must be a scene of continual change and excitement, or else the world is a dungeon: you must be admired, you must be courted, you must be flattered—you must have music, dancing, and society—or you languish, you die away.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
Sometimes, for an hour or for an entire day, I have felt knowledge in me, as one would feel life in one’s heart.
She had felt as if she had understood a robin and that he had understood her; she had run in the wind until her blood had grown warm; she had been healthily hungry for the first time in her life; and she had found out what it was to be sorry for someone.
Much more surprising things can happen to anyone who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one.
It must mean that hollow shuddering sort of roar which rushed round and round the house as if the giant no one could see were buffeting it and beating at the walls and windows to try to break in.
It would be easy to lie to you; but the truth is I think it detestable.
She had always thought of love as something confused and furtive, and he made it as bright and open as the summer air.
If I were shabby no one would have me: a woman is asked out as much for her clothes as for herself.
Archer had always been inclined to think that chance and circumstance played a small part in shaping people's lots compared with their innate tendency to have things happen to them.
In consequence of this search he arrived late at the office, perceived that his doing so made no difference whatever to any one, and was filled with sudden exasperation at the elaborate futility of his life.
Well, those things are between yourselves, and you seem to me both poor creatures at best.
Everything had something behind it: life was like a long, long corridor with rows of closed doors.
O, how hard it is of Heaven to devise such tortures for me, who have done no harm to Heaven at all!
It is more than this earthly wretch called Me deserves—you spirit, you disembodied creature, you dear, sweet, tantalizing phantom—hardly flesh at all; so that when I put my arms round you I almost expect them to pass through you as through air! Forgive me for being gross, as you call it! Remember that our calling cousins when really strangers was a snare.
No, no; your young white, who gathers his learning from books and can measure what he knows by the page, may conceit that his knowledge, like his legs, outruns that of his fathers’, but, where experience is the master, the scholar is made to know the value of years, and respects them accordingly.
Blood is too precious a thing in these days of dishonourable peace; and the glories of the great races are as a tale that is told.
We women have something of the mother in us that makes us rise above smaller matters when the mother-spirit is invoked; I felt this big sorrowing man's head resting on me, as though it were that of the baby that some day may lie on my bosom, and I stroked his hair as though he were my own child.
However, he means to succeed, and a man who has centuries before him can afford to wait and to go slow.
A serious prophet upon predicting a flood should be the first man to climb a tree.
She saw nothing and heard nothing but a faint booming sound, which was the sound of the sea rolling over her head.
Men die nightly in their beds, wringing the hands of ghostly confessors and looking them piteously in the eyes—die with despair of heart and convulsion of throat, on account of the hideousness of mysteries which will not suffer themselves to be revealed.
They walked back across the courtyard and got into their chairs.
It was the intimacy, a sort of spiritual suppleness, when mind prints upon mind indelibly.
But it is founded on expediency, and is inhuman; it is without rectitude, without the continuity and the force that can be found only in a moral principle.
When things are at their worst I find something always happens.
The word ivory would ring in the air for a while—and on we went again into the silence, along empty reaches, round the still bends, between the high walls of our winding way, reverberating in hollow claps the ponderous beat of the stern-wheel.
I have been dodging around, looking for you ever since.
She was always sorry for homesick people.
With the superciliousness of extreme youth, I put thirty-five as the utmost limit at which a man might fall in love without making a fool of himself.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
I go and come with a strange liberty in Nature, a part of herself.
In the midst of a gentle rain while these thoughts prevailed, I was suddenly sensible of such sweet and beneficent society in Nature, in the very pattering of the drops, and in every sound and sight around my house, an infinite and unaccountable friendliness all at once like an atmosphere sustaining me, as made the fancied advantages of human neighborhood insignificant, and I have never thought of them since.
One who pressed forward incessantly and never rested from his labors, who grew fast and made infinite demands on life, would always find himself in a new country or wilderness, and surrounded by the raw material of life.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root, and it may be that he who bestows the largest amount of time and money on the needy is doing the most by his mode of life to produce that misery which he strives in vain to relieve.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
It is not down in any map; true places never are.
’Tis Ahab—his body’s part; but Ahab’s soul’s a centipede, that moves upon a hundred legs.
It rather proceeds from a certain hopelessness of remedying excessive and organic ill. To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
One man says, in his despair or indifference to life, take up a handful of the earth at your feet, and paint your house that color.
It was like the eve of a battle; the heart beat, the eyes laughed, and they felt that the life they were perhaps going to lose, was, after all, a good thing.
Believe me, it is only the evil-minded who deny friendship; they can not understand it.
They who run after a benefit or a hare, run not; they only run who run at base, and to exercise their running.
Always has woman crouched close to earth like a partridge hen mothering her young; always has my wantonness of roving led me out on the shining ways; and always have my star-paths returned me to her, the figure everlasting, the woman, the one woman, for whose arms I had such need that clasped in them I have forgotten the stars.
On the sled, in the box, lay a third man whose toil was over, —a man whom the Wild had conquered and beaten down until he would never move nor struggle again.
It was not the dead-tiredness that comes through brief and excessive effort, from which recovery is a matter of hours; but it was the dead-tiredness that comes through the slow and prolonged strength drainage of months of toil.
Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and sad and dreary.
Men seldom do, for when women are the advisers, the lords of creation don’t take the advice till they have persuaded themselves that it is just what they intended to do.
She did not know it, but that good old fashion of simplicity made the plain gowns pretty, and the grace of unconsciousness beautified their little wearer with the charm that makes girlhood sweetest to those who truly love and reverence it.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
He was one of the rarer lads who early get a decided bent and make up their minds that there is something particular in life which they would like to do for its own sake, and not because their fathers did it.
Had the cub thought in man-fashion, he might have epitomised life as a voracious appetite and the world as a place wherein ranged a multitude of appetites, pursuing and being pursued, hunting and being hunted, eating and being eaten, all in blindness and confusion, with violence and disorder, a chaos of gluttony and slaughter, ruled over by chance, merciless, planless, endless.
She was a part of that involuntary, palpitating life, and could neither look out on it from her luxurious shelter as a mere spectator, nor hide her eyes in selfish complaining.
Arthur wished it too; it was the last weakness he meant to indulge in; and a man never lies with more delicious languor under the influence of a passion than when he has persuaded himself that he shall subdue it to-morrow.
So deeply inherent is it in this life of ours that men have to suffer for each other’s sins, so inevitably diffusive is human suffering, that even justice makes its victims, and we can conceive no retribution that does not spread beyond its mark in pulsations of unmerited pain.
But if Maggie had been that young lady, you would probably have known nothing about her: her life would have had so few vicissitudes that it could hardly have been written; for the happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
There are characters which are continually creating collisions and nodes for themselves in dramas which nobody is prepared to act with them.
Her heart went out to him with a stronger movement than ever, at the thought that people would blame him.
It’s rather a strong check to one’s self-complacency to find how much of one’s right doing depends on not being in want of money.
It was a tree-shadow flung by the moon, from whose face the clouds had been brushed away.
They made him restless, and no sooner was he in contact with them than he was casting about for excuses to get rid of them.
The ascent to greatness, however steep and dangerous, may entertain an active spirit with the consciousness and exercise of its own powers: but the possession of a throne could never yet afford a lasting satisfaction to an ambitious mind.
She was snatched back from a dream of far countries, and found herself on Main Street.
But I do know that about ten times as many people find their lives dull, and unnecessarily dull, as ever admit it; and I do believe that if we busted out and admitted it sometimes, instead of being nice and patient and loyal for sixty years, and then nice and patient and dead for the rest of eternity, why, maybe, possibly, we might make life more fun.
Thus it came to him merely to run away was folly, because he could never run away from himself.
All sorts of thoughts cross one's mind it depends upon whether one gives them harbour and encouragement, said Molly.
She had a fierce pleasure in the idea of telling Margaret unwelcome truths, in the shape of performance of duty.
Here was a person come on business to her father; and, as he was one who had shown himself obliging, she was disposed to treat him with a full measure of civility.
But fate is a cunning hussy, and builds up her plans as imperceptibly as a bird builds her nest; and with much the same kind of unconsidered trifles.
So manifold are our interests in life that it is not uncommon that, on a single occasion, the foundations of a happiness which does not yet exist are laid down simultaneously with aggravations of a grief from which we are still suffering.
For often I have wished to see a person again without realising that it was simply because that person recalled to me a hedge of hawthorns in blossom; and I have been led to believe, and to make some one else believe in an aftermath of affection, by what was no more than an inclination to travel.
Moral: Attachment is blinding; it lends an imaginary halo of attractiveness to the object of desire.
In Europe life retreats out of the cold, and exquisite fireside myths have resulted—Balder, Persephone—but here the retreat is from the source of life, the treacherous sun, and no poetry adorns it because disillusionment can not be beautiful.
For to desire is better than to possess, the finality of the end was dreaded as deeply as it was desired.
FAUSTUS: Tell me where is the place that men call hell? MEPHISTOPHILIS: Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed In one self place; but where we are is hell, And where hell is, there must we ever be; And, to be short, when all the world dissolves, And every creature shall be purified, All places shall be hell that are not heaven.
I fear that we shall be obliged to leave this pudding.
And the light by which she had read the book filled with troubles, falsehoods, sorrow, and evil, flared up more brightly than ever before, lighted up for her all that had been in darkness, flickered, began to grow dim, and was quenched forever.
He saw that it was not all sitting still, floating smoothly; that one had to think too, not for an instant to forget where one was floating; and that there was water under one, and that one must row; and that his unaccustomed hands would be sore; and that it was only to look at it that was easy; but that doing it, though very delightful, was very difficult.
How often he had told himself that her love was happiness; and now she loved him as a woman can love when love has outweighed for her all the good things of life—and he was much further from happiness than when he had followed her from Moscow.
For socialism is not merely the labor question, it is before all things the atheistic question, the question of the form taken by atheism to‐day, the question of the tower of Babel built without God, not to mount to heaven from earth but to set up heaven on earth.
Some people have luck, and everything comes out right with them; others have none, and never a thing turns out fortunately.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Wicked people means people who have no love: therefore they have no shame.
The natural term of the affection of the human animal for its offspring is six years.
I do value my idea and my work awfully; but in reality only consider this: all this world of ours is nothing but a speck of mildew, which has grown up on a tiny planet.
If the salary is fixed without any regard for that law, as, for instance, when I see two engineers leaving college together, both equally well trained and efficient, and one getting forty thousand while the other is satisfied with two; or when I see lawyers and hussars, having no special qualifications, appointed directors of banking companies with immense salaries, I conclude that the salary is not fixed in accordance with the law of supply and demand, but simply through personal interest.
Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and clung to it with all his strength.
This grieved me heartily; and now I saw, though too late, the folly of beginning a work before we count the cost, and before we judge rightly of our own strength to go through with it.
And the first thing we have to do, my young friend, is to empty your coffer of all that it contains.
For thirty years, he said, I’ve sailed the seas and seen good and bad, better and worse, fair weather and foul, provisions running out, knives going, and what not.
We must go on, because we can’t turn back.
In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas—no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
Go and make yourself useful, since you are too big to be ornamental.
He pointed out to him the bearings of the coast, explained to him the variations of the compass, and taught him to read in that vast book opened over our heads which they call heaven, and where God writes in azure with letters of diamonds.
The heart, making itself guilty of such secrets, must perforce hold them, until the day when all hidden things shall be revealed.
God is always the last resource.
But it is a strange experience, to a man of pride and sensibility, to know that his interests are within the control of individuals who neither love nor understand him, and by whom, since one or the other must needs happen, he would rather be injured than obliged.
I find nothing so singular in life, as that everything appears to lose its substance the instant one actually grapples with it.
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
No one writes anything that is worth writing, unless he writes entirely for the sake of his subject.
Contrarily, if they are active within, they do not care to be dragged out of themselves; it disturbs and impedes their thoughts in a way that is often most ruinous to them.
He could die dumb-mad and fighting to the last, but he could not live and be beaten.
Manuel had one besetting sin.
They were simply so many bags of bones in which sparks of life fluttered faintly.
You simply can do nothing, neither great nor little not a thing in the world not even marry an old maid, or get a wretched 600-ton cargo of coal to its port of destination.
The fear grows shadowy; and Imagination, the enemy of men, the father of all terrors, unstimulated, sinks to rest in the dullness of exhausted emotion.
I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.
Youth is insolent; it is its right its necessity; it has got to assert itself, and all assertion in this world of doubts is a defiance, is an insolence.
There are people from whom we secretly shrink, whom we would personally avoid, though reason confesses that they are good people: there are others with faults of temper, & c., evident enough, beside whom we live content, as if the air about them did us good.
It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them.
Oh, they are ignorant people.
For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy, whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.
There must be some poison in a lion’s teeth, otherwise how is it that when your wounds are healed they break out again, generally, mark you, at the same time of year that you got your mauling? It is a hard thing when one has shot sixty-five lions or more, as I have in the course of my life, that the sixty-sixth should chew your leg like a quid of tobacco.
Truly wealth, which men spend their lives in acquiring, is a valueless thing at the last.
Why, one thanks some people for being alive at the same time with one; I thank you for having met me, for my being able to remember you all my life!
Perhaps I shall meet with troubles and many disappointments, but I have made up my mind to be polite and sincere to everyone; more can not be asked of me.
To a commonplace man of limited intellect, for instance, nothing is simpler than to imagine himself an original character, and to revel in that belief without the slightest misgiving.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
It lies not in our power to love or hate, For will in us is overruled by fate.
I know you by heart.
It seems more real than you are more real than the schoolroom.
It keeps the sounds of the world from reaching the private apartments, and it makes the world think that dancing’s going on within.
It is piety alone that can distinguish us from the dust whence we sprung, and whither we must return.
For one hour at least we had maintained a profound silence; while each, to any casual observer, might have seemed intently and exclusively occupied with the curling eddies of smoke that oppressed the atmosphere of the chamber.
I struggled no more, but the agony of my soul found vent in one loud, long, and final scream of despair.
I was a child and she was a child, In this kingdom by the sea, But we loved with a love that was more than love, I and my Annabel Lee; 10 With a love that the winged seraphs of heaven Coveted her and me.
Among all forms of mistake, prophecy is the most gratuitous.
And as for the farm, if anything turns out wrong, as it can’t but do in these times, there’s nothing kills a man so soon as having nobody to find fault with but himself.
The letter should be written the first thing, and the rest of the day would be filled up with other business: he should have no time to look behind him.
The servants imagined him to be a poor relation, and were not surprised that a strict man like their master, who held his head high in the world, should be ashamed of such a cousin and want to get rid of him.
Her little butterfly soul fluttered incessantly between memory and dubious expectation.
In the first place, there was selfishness enough in him to have taken pleasure in the idea that his great love might come in to comfort and console her; much the same kind of passionate pleasure which comes stinging through a mother’s heart, when her drooping infant nestles close to her, and is dependent upon her for everything.
The meanest thing to which we bid adieu, Loses its meanness in the parting hour.
and suddenly the wintry frost-bound look of care had left Mr. Thornton’s face, as if some soft summer gale had blown all anxiety away from his mind; and though his mouth was as much compressed as before, his eyes smiled out benignly on his questioner.
But Margaret was at an age when any apprehension, not absolutely based on a knowledge of facts, is easily banished for a time by a bright sunny day, or some happy outward circumstance.
She liked getting hold of some book which neither her father or mother had read, and keeping it to herself, and gnawing its contents in privacy, and pondering the meaning without sharing her thoughts with any one, or having to decide whether the book was a good one or a bad one.
It is no use trying to sum people up.
It is impossible for human beings, constituted as they are, both to fight and to have ideals.
To gallop intemperately; fall on the sand tired out; to feel the earth spin; to have positively a rush of friendship for stones and grasses, as if humanity were over, and as for men and women, let them go hang there is no getting over the fact that this desire seizes us pretty often.
Next time I come here, he said to himself, I must either bring sweets with me to make them like me or a stick to hit them with.
A drop of water and a little pity, —that is more than I can repay with my life.
To hear you talk, said Irais, no one would ever imagine that you dream away your days in a garden with a book, and that you never in your life seized anything by the scruff of its neck.
The stage is not made for truth; its object is to flatter and amuse: there is no place where one can learn so completely the art of pleasing and of interesting the human heart.
They can not even happen twice to the same people, for it can make itself free as long as it remains barbarous, but not when the civic impulse has lost its vigour.
There are instances of persons who, without clear ideas of the things they criticize have yet had clear ideas of the relations of those things.
He waited day after day, saying that it was perfectly absurd to expect, yet expecting.
Illustration Chingachgook grasped the hand that, in the warmth of feeling, the scout had stretched across the fresh earth, and in an attitude of friendship these two sturdy and intrepid woodsmen bowed their heads together, while scalding tears fell to their feet, watering the grave of Uncas like drops of falling rain.
SATIRES OF CIRCUMSTANCES IN FIFTEEN GLIMPSES I AT TEA THE kettle descants in a cozy drone, And the young wife looks in her husband’s face, And then at her guest’s, and shows in her own Her sense that she fills an envied place; And the visiting lady is all abloom, And says there was never so sweet a room.
There was not a human soul near.
I do not want to kill and dissect myself any longer, to find a secret behind the ruins.
His nickname through the wards was Little Friend of all the World; and very often, being lithe and inconspicuous, he executed commissions by night on the crowded housetops for sleek and shiny young men of fashion.
The lesson is not well learnt, _chela_.
Once let a maiden admit the possibility of her being stricken with love for someone at a certain hour and place, and the thing is as good as done.
When she plodded on in the shade of the hedge, silently thinking, she had the hard, half-apathetic expression of one who deems anything possible at the hands of Time and Chance except, perhaps, fair play.
I shall never forgive God for making me a woman, and dearly am I beginning to pay for the honour of owning a pretty face.
But it had not been in Tess’s power—nor is it in anybody’s power—to feel the whole truth of golden opinions while it is possible to profit by them.
When I tell you not to marry _without_ love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone: there are many, many other things to be considered. Keep both heart and hand in your own possession, till you see good reason to part with them; and if such an occasion should never present itself, comfort your mind with this reflection, that though in single life your joys may not be very many, your sorrows, at least, will not be more than you can bear.
After that, who knows if Jup and Top had not themselves their little dream of the future.
She fled and did not attack.
It is one of those errors which some admire, others blame; which God alone can judge.
Will, love, and imagination are magic powers that everyone possesses; and whoever knows how to develop them to their fullest extent is a magician.
No one is so thoroughly superstitious as the godless man.
He is dead who called me into being; and when I shall be no more, the very remembrance of us both will speedily vanish.
Many men desire to have two editions of the same work, though it is in fact a proof of inferiority when a man can not make his mistress of his wife.
She might believe herself wholly in revolt against it; but what had charmed her in it would still charm her, even though it were against her will.
It is often attempted to palliate slavery by comparing the state of slaves with our poorer countrymen: if the misery of our poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin; but how this bears on slavery, I can not see; as well might the use of the thumb-screw be defended in one land, by showing that men in another land suffered from some dreadful disease.
For as the same fire causes gold to glow brightly, and chaff to smoke; and under the same flail the straw is beaten small, while the grain is cleansed; and as the lees are not mixed with the oil, though squeezed out of the vat by the same pressure, so the same violence of affliction proves, purges, clarifies the good, but damns, ruins, exterminates the wicked.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can’t find them, make them.
It's because heaven is the most angelically dull place in all creation: that's why.
And what can life in town offer in the way of pleasure to equal the delight of any one of the calm evenings I have had this month sitting alone at the foot of the verandah steps, with the perfume of young larches all about, and the May moon hanging low over the beeches, and the beautiful silence made only more profound in its peace by the croaking of distant frogs and hooting of owls? A cockchafer darting by close to my ear with a loud hum sends a shiver through me, partly of pleasure at the reminder of past summers, and partly of fear lest he should get caught in my hair.
It is true she liked him most when he wasn't there, but then she usually liked everybody most when they weren't there.
Reading was very important; the proper exercise and development of one's mind was a paramount duty.
Yet this quaint dandified little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police.
He fitted the Vedic definition of a man of God: Softer than the flower, where kindness is concerned; stronger than the thunder, where principles are at stake.
The modesty with which he wore his scientific fame repeatedly reminded me of the trees that bend low with the burden of ripening fruits; it is the barren tree that lifts its head high in an empty boast.
It all lies in that: get rid of falsehood and let war be war and not a game.
Now I have learnt that life is to be used, not just held in the hand like a box of bonbons that nobody eats.
If there was a reason for his preferring liberal to conservative views, which were held also by many of his circle, it arose not from his considering liberalism more rational, but from its being in closer accordance with his manner of life.
We do not tell old friends beneath our roof-tree that they are an offence to the eyesight.
And he who spends his life nor wins renown Leaves in the world no more enduring trace 50 Than smoke in air, or foam on water blown.
It was one of those still evenings you get in the summer, when you can hear a snail clear its throat a mile away.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
The stars are the apexes of what wonderful triangles! What distant and different beings in the various mansions of the universe are contemplating the same one at the same moment! Nature and human life are as various as our several constitutions.
A common and natural result of an undue respect for the law is, that you may see a file of soldiers, colonel, captain, corporal, privates, powder-monkeys and all, marching in admirable order over hill and dale to the wars, against their wills, aye, against their common sense and consciences, which makes it very steep marching indeed, and produces a palpitation of the heart.
Most men, even in this comparatively free country, through mere ignorance and mistake, are so occupied with the factitious cares and superfluously coarse labors of life that its finer fruits can not be plucked by them. Their fingers, from excessive toil, are too clumsy and tremble too much for that.
From beneath his slouched hat Ahab dropped a tear into the sea; nor did all the Pacific contain such wealth as that one wee drop.
But I am not a brave man; never said I was a brave man; I am a coward; and I sing to keep up my spirits.
Thought he, it’s a wicked world in all meridians; I’ll die a pagan.
It is not for a man to put himself in such an attitude to society, but to maintain himself in whatever attitude he find himself through obedience to the laws of his being, which will never be one of opposition to a just government, if he should chance to meet with such.
They were his environment, these men, and they were moulding the clay of him into a more ferocious thing than had been intended by Nature.
He learned to sneak about camp, to be crafty, to know what was going on everywhere, to see and to hear everything and to reason accordingly, and successfully to devise ways and means of avoiding his implacable persecutor.
It takes years and maturity to make the discovery that the power of faith is nobler than the power of doubt; and that there is a celestial wisdom in the ingenuous propensity to trust, which belongs to honest and noble natures.
One and all, from time to time, they felt his teeth; and to his credit, he gave more than he received.
The real sin, ma’am in my mind, lies in thinking of ever wedding wi’a man you don’t love honest and true.
Well, now, said Reuben, with decisive earnestness, that sort o'coarse touch that's so upsetting to Ann's feelings is to my mind a recommendation; for it do always prove a story to be true.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
My help had been needed and claimed; I had given it: I was pleased to have done something; trivial, transitory though the deed was, it was yet an active thing, and I was weary of an existence all passive.
They are better women than I, she replied, magnanimously sticking to her resolve.
I so much like singing to anybody who REALLY cares to hear me.’Every woman who makes a permanent impression on a man is usually recalled to his mind’s eye as she appeared in one particular scene, which seems ordained to be her special form of manifestation throughout the pages of his memory.
When Tarzan killed he more often smiled than scowled, and smiles are the foundation of beauty.
As the body rolled to the ground Tarzan of the Apes placed his foot upon the neck of his lifelong enemy and, raising his eyes to the full moon, threw back his fierce young head and voiced the wild and terrible cry of his people.
My father ain’t in Europe; my father’s in a better place than Europe.
They were wounded, broken, sloughing off their outer shape in the deadly struggle against years, weather, and man.
Oak had nothing finished and ready to say as yet, and not being able to frame love phrases which end where they begin; passionate tales— —Full of sound and fury, —Signifying nothing— he said no word at all.
The charm of variety there was not, nor the excitement of incident; but I liked peace so well, and sought stimulus so little, that when the latter came I almost felt it a disturbance, and wished rather it had still held aloof.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
But I still wonder how it was possible, in those graceless years of transition, long ago, that men did not see whither they were going, and went on, in blindness and cowardice, to their fate.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
We grew in age and love together Roaming the forest, and the wild; My breast her shield in wintry weather And, when the friendly sunshine smiled.
In forever knowing, we are forever blessed; but to know all, were the curse of a fiend.
When God Almighty wills it, our secrets are found out.
A medical man likes to make psychological observations, and sometimes in the pursuit of such studies is too easily tempted into momentous prophecy which life and death easily set at nought.
The fact is unalterable, that a fellow-mortal with whose nature you are acquainted solely through the brief entrances and exits of a few imaginative weeks called courtship, may, when seen in the continuity of married companionship, be disclosed as something better or worse than what you have preconceived, but will certainly not appear altogether the same.
HENRY JAMES THE PORTRAIT OF A LADY CHAPTER I Under certain circumstances there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
There are moments when woman’s hands possess superhuman strength.
Even people whose lives have been made various by learning, sometimes find it hard to keep a fast hold on their habitual views of life, on their faith in the Invisible, nay, on the sense that their past joys and sorrows are a real experience, when they are suddenly transported to a new land, where the beings around them know nothing of their history, and share none of their ideas—where their mother earth shows another lap, and human life has other forms than those on which their souls have been nourished.
Somebody put a drop under a magnifying-glass and it was all semicolons and parentheses, said Mrs. Cadwallader.
This remedy, perhaps, was recommended by some one of the number whose advice she asked; but the proposal, if ever it was made, was knocked on the head by Captain Brown’s decided Get her a flannel waistcoat and flannel drawers, ma’am, if you wish to keep her alive.
She was gentle and quiet in intense bodily suffering, almost in proportion as she had been restless and depressed when there had been no real cause for grief.
When prayers were ended, and his mother had wished him good-night, with that long steady look of hers which conveyed no expression of the tenderness that was in her heart, but yet had the intensity of a blessing, Mr. Thornton continued his walk.
Neither loss of father, nor loss of mother, dear as she was to Mr. Thornton, could have poisoned the remembrance of the weeks, the days, the hours, when a walk of two miles, every step of which was pleasant, as it brought him nearer and nearer to her, took him to her sweet presence every step of which was rich, as each recurring moment that bore him away from her made him recall some fresh grace in her demeanour, or pleasant pungency in her character.
But her heart gave thanks for him day and night; and she walked proudly among women for his sake.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward. There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
It makes her think of ways to do things—nice things.
I know faces, because I look through the fabric my own eye weaves, and behold the reality beneath.
There was perhaps much that was good in her young heart, but it was embittered too early.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.
I was pressed to do more than one thing which another could not do for me, and therefore endeavoured to make my mistress understand, that I desired to be set down on the floor; which after she had done, my bashfulness would not suffer me to express myself farther, than by pointing to the door, and bowing several times.
And then he could not see her come into a room without a sense of the flowing of robes, of the flowering of blossoms, of the purple waves of the sea, of all things that are lovely and mutable on the surface but still and passionate in their heart.
My notion’s to think of the human beings first and let the abstract ideas take care of themselves.
What is nobler, she mused, turning over the photographs, than to be a woman to whom every one turns, in sorrow or difficulty?
So he remained in a state of chaos.
If man will never accept his own ultimate being, his final aloneness, and his last responsibility for life, then he must expect woman to dash from disaster to disaster, rootless and uncontrolled.
Whenever that look appeared in her wild, bright, deeply black eyes, it invested her with a strange remoteness and intangibility; it was as if she were hovering in the air and might vanish, like a glimmering light, that comes we know not whence, and goes we know not whither.
There was a listlessness in his gait; as if he saw no reason for taking one step farther, nor felt any desire to do so, but would have been glad, could he be glad of anything, to fling himself down at the root of the nearest tree, and lie there passive, forevermore.
And a word carries far very far deals destruction through time as the bullets go flying through space.
You take a different view of your actions when you come to understand, when you are _made_ to understand every day that your existence is necessary you see, absolutely necessary to another person.
We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories.
He existed for me, and after all it is only through me that he exists for you.
The more I study the works of men in their institutions, the more clearly I see that, in their efforts after independence, they become slaves, and that their very freedom is wasted in vain attempts to assure its continuance.
SECOND PART The first man, who, after enclosing a piece of ground, took it into his head to say, This is mine, and found people simple enough to believe him, was the true founder of civil society.
Legislation is made difficult less by what it is necessary to build up than by what has to be destroyed; and what makes success so rare is the impossibility of finding natural simplicity together with social requirements.
It didn't seem much to ask in a world so crowded with people, just to have one of them, only one out of all the millions, to oneself.
She was naked of goodness, and was rejoicing in being naked.
We are eager to tunnel under the Atlantic and bring the old world some weeks nearer to the new; but perchance the first news that will leak through into the broad, flapping American ear will be that the Princess Adelaide has the whooping cough.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root, and it may be that he who bestows the largest amount of time and money on the needy is doing the most by his mode of life to produce that misery which he strives in vain to relieve.
She would most diligently work at furnishing her empty mind.
Whilst I was thus closely scanning him, half-pretending meanwhile to be looking out at the storm from the casement, he never heeded my presence, never troubled himself with so much as a single glance; but appeared wholly occupied with counting the pages of the marvellous book.
I’ve found, as a general rule in life, that the things you think are going to be the scaliest nearly always turn out not so bad after all; but it wasn’t that way with Bingo’s tea-party.
He could have rung the bell.
Luigi Vampa comes to take us, and we take him—we bring him back to Rome, and present him to his holiness the Pope, who asks how he can repay so great a service; then we merely ask for a carriage and a pair of horses, and we see the Carnival in the carriage, and doubtless the Roman people will crown us at the Capitol, and proclaim us, like Curtius and Horatius Cocles, the preservers of their country.
But the keen brain, which had planned and carried through so many daring plots, was too far-seeing to take unnecessary risks.
In social intercourse he gives you the surface that he wishes the world to accept, and you can only gain a true knowledge of him by inferences from little actions, of which he is unconscious, and from fleeting expressions, which cross his face unknown to him.
Because he had dressed a doll in gorgeous robes and set her in a sanctuary to worship her, and then discovered that the doll was filled with sawdust he could neither forgive himself nor her.
Two little drops in that river that flowed silently towards the unknown; two little drops that to themselves had so much individuality and to the onlooker were but an undistinguishable part of the water.
Wounded vanity can make a woman more vindictive than a lioness robbed of her cubs.
We dream all night of those mountain ridges in the horizon, though they may be of vapor only, which were last gilded by his rays.
Whoever then would be free, let him wish nothing, let him decline nothing, which depends on others; else he must necessarily be a slave.
His situation, in fact, seemed, materially speaking, no more brilliant than Ned Winsett's; but he had lived in a world in which, as he said, no one who loved ideas need hunger mentally.
Hints have indeed not been wanting; but since you appear unwilling to take them from others, I offer you this one myself, in the only form in which well-bred people of our kind can communicate unpleasant things to each other: by letting you understand that I know you mean to see Ellen when you are in Washington, and are perhaps going there expressly for that purpose; and that, since you are sure to see her, I wish you to do so with my full and explicit approval and to take the opportunity of letting her know what the course of conduct you have encouraged her in is likely to lead to.
Through this atmosphere of torrid splendour moved wan beings as richly upholstered as the furniture, beings without definite pursuits or permanent relations, who drifted on a languid tide of curiosity from restaurant to concert-hall, from palm-garden to music-room, from art exhibit to dress-maker's opening.
In reality, as she knew, the door never clanged: it stood always open; but most of the captives were like flies in a bottle, and having once flown in, could never regain their freedom.
He felt, no doubt, more sorry for her than her indignant relatives; but it seemed to him that the tie between husband and wife, even if breakable in prosperity, should be indissoluble in misfortune.
Many think that in some way they are able to generate an intense heat in a chamber of practically absolute non-conductivity.
So she enjoyed herself heartily, and found, what isn’t always the case, that her granted wish was all she had hoped.
Meg looked very like a rose herself, for all that was best and sweetest in heart and soul seemed to bloom into her face that day, making it fair and tender, with a charm more beautiful than beauty.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
And life is a dream: when the moment of greatest horror compels us to break it off, the same thing happens.
This he had done because it was too difficult to live believing one’s self; believing one’s self, one had to decide every question not in favour of one’s own animal life, which is always seeking for easy gratifications, but almost in every case against it.
The power of unfulfilled desires is the root of all man's slavery.
Oak had nothing finished and ready to say as yet, and not being able to frame love phrases which end where they begin; passionate tales— —Full of sound and fury, —Signifying nothing— he said no word at all.
When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
I tried to cheer her up, and apparently succeeded in some degree, before the walk was over; but in the very act my conscience reproved me, knowing, as I did, that, sooner or later, the tie must be broken, and this was only nourishing false hopes and putting off the evil day.
One glance he gave, one little smile at parting—it was but for a moment; but therein I read, or thought I read, a meaning that kindled in my heart a brighter flame of hope than had ever yet arisen.
You like horses—and you have them; dogs—you have them; shooting—you have it; farming—you have it.
No one does believe it.
You mean—? It would make a good film, the story that you have recounted to me there—but it bears no sort of resemblance to everyday life.
He knew that Vronsky could not be prevented from amusing himself with painting; he knew that he and all dilettanti had a perfect right to paint what they liked, but it was distasteful to him.
For the dissemination of pure truth and to secure the triumph of virtue, he read, we must cleanse men from prejudice, diffuse principles in harmony with the spirit of the times, undertake the education of the young, unite ourselves in indissoluble bonds with the wisest men, boldly yet prudently overcome superstitions, infidelity, and folly, and form of those devoted to us a body linked together by unity of purpose and possessed of authority and power.
Everything was made bright by her.
But I have lived without him, I gave him up for another love, and did not regret the exchange till that love was satisfied.
Nowadays we do not seem to know that there is any other test of conduct except morality; and the result is that the young had better have their souls awakened by disgrace, capture by the police, and a month's hard labor, than drift along from their cradles to their graves doing what other people do for no other reason than that other people do it, and knowing nothing of good and evil, of courage and cowardice, or indeed anything but how to keep hunger and concupiscence and fashionable dressing within the bounds of good taste except when their excesses can be concealed.
You never cut a poorer figure than when you are trying to imitate him.
To remind myself that I have a soul.
And when, on the still cold nights, he pointed his nose at a star and howled long and wolflike, it was his ancestors, dead and dust, pointing nose at star and howling down through the centuries and through him.
I know nothing that I may say can influence you, he said.
Man, awake, is compelled to seek a perpetual escape into Hope, Belief, Fable, Art, God, Socialism, Immortality, Alcohol, Love.
His head must iv smashed like an eggshell.
And without considering, without noticing whether there was anyone in the room or not, he flung his arms round her, and began to cover her face, her hands, her neck with kisses.
Looking farther, I was surprised to find that the chips were covered with such combatants, that it was not a _duellum_, but a _bellum_, a war between two races of ants, the red always pitted against the black, and frequently two red ones to one black.
But the walking of which I speak has nothing in it akin to taking exercise, as it is called, as the sick take medicine at stated hours—as the swinging of dumb-bells or chairs; but is itself the enterprise and adventure of the day.
I love to be alone.
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
This fondness for imaginary objects, and the facility with which I could gain possession of them, completed my disgust for everything around me, and fixed that inclination for solitude which has ever since been predominant.
Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is; the people is never corrupted, but it is often deceived, and on such occasions only does it seem to will what is bad.
But Levin was in love, and so it seemed to him that Kitty was so perfect in every respect that she was a creature far above everything earthly; and that he was a creature so low and so earthly that it could not even be conceived that other people and she herself could regard him as worthy of her.
Never mind my heart: an Irishman's heart is nothing but his imagination.
But when their first sorrow was over—for they loved the old lady in spite of her sharp tongue—they found they had cause for rejoicing, for she had left Plumfield to Jo, which made all sorts of joyful things possible.
They did feel it, yet neither spoke of it, for often between ourselves and those nearest and dearest to us there exists a reserve which it is very hard to overcome.
You know, I answered with some emotion, for I have never seen so much of Holmes’s heart before, that it is my greatest joy and privilege to help you.
Doubtless we can not SEE that other higher Spaceland now, because we we have no eye in our stomachs.
Distress not yourself if you can not at first understand the deeper mysteries of Spaceland.
So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man can not be true—not true, or undeveloped.
In truth, a mature man who uses hair-oil, unless medicinally, that man has probably got a quoggy spot in him somewhere.
And there is all the difference in the world between paying and being paid.
No more my splintered heart and maddened hand were turned against the wolfish world.
And there is all the difference in the world between paying and being paid.
For sinful as he is, Jonah does not weep and wail for direct deliverance.
They have hidden it here because they intend returning for it later.
The fact is, we are too lazy and unpractical, ourselves, ever to give them much of an idea of that industry and energy which is necessary to form them into men.
If this world were all, George, said Simeon, thee might, indeed, ask where is the Lord? But it is often those who have least of all in this life whom he chooseth for the kingdom.
His wondrous words and pious prayers had struck upon the hearts of the imbruted blacks, who had been the instruments of cruelty upon him; and, the instant Legree withdrew, they took him down, and, in their ignorance, sought to call him back to life, —as if _that_ were any favor to him.
As he paced the platform, waiting for the Washington express, he remembered that there were people who thought there would one day be a tunnel under the Hudson through which the trains of the Pennsylvania railway would run straight into New York.
It was not that she wanted them to be more disinterested; but she would have liked them to be more picturesque.
But she could not breathe long on the heights; there had been nothing in her training to develop any continuity of moral strength: what she craved, and really felt herself entitled to, was a situation in which the noblest attitude should also be the easiest.
She had everything she wanted, but she still felt, at times, that there were other things she might want if she knew about them.
The boy was not insensitive, he knew; but he had the facility and self-confidence that came of looking at fate not as a master but as an equal.
He was too tired to think about all the ramifications of the story, and the sort of thoughts they led him into were not familiar to him, unrealistic things, things better suited for officials of the court to discuss than for him.
A man and a woman sat naked on a sofa, the base intent of whoever drew it was easy to see but he had been so grossly lacking in skill that all that anyone could really make out were the man and the woman who dominated the picture with their bodies, sitting in overly upright postures that created a false perspective and made it difficult for them to approach each other.
It is wrong to become absorbed in the divine law to such a degree as not to perceive human law.
It is a hunger of angels felt by demons.
True or false, that which is said of men often occupies as important a place in their lives, and above all in their destinies, as that which they do.
Their position was perhaps the happiest of all positions in the social scale, being above the line at which neediness ends, and below the line at which the _convenances_ begin to cramp natural feelings, and the stress of threadbare modishness makes too little of enough.
Only a wall divided him from those happy young contemporaries of his with whom he shared a common mental life; men who had nothing to do from morning till night but to read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest.
Sometimes more bitterness is sown in five minutes than can be got rid of in a whole life; and that may be the case here.
What a fool she must have been ever to have had anything to do with the man! She is so self-willed and independent too, that one is more minded to say it serves her right than pity her.
We learn that it is not the rays which bodies absorb, but those which they reject, that give them the colours they are known by; and in the same way people are specialized by their dislikes and antagonisms, whilst their goodwill is looked upon as no attribute at all.
The two speechless gazers bent themselves down to the earth, as if in prayer, and remained thus a long time, absolutely motionless: the flag continued to wave silently.
She thought, without exactly wording the thought, how strange and god-like was a composer’s power, who from the grave could lead through sequences of emotion, which he alone had felt at first, a girl like her who had never heard of his name, and never would have a clue to his personality.
They were as sublime as the moon and stars above them, and the moon and stars were as ardent as they.
So it is with the Bible.
If any such there be, and he will follow me from sun to sun, through the windings of the forest, he shall see enough to teach him that he is a fool, and that the greatest of his folly lies in striving to rise to the level of One he can never equal, be it in goodness, or be it in power.
To find themselves utterly alone at night where company is desirable and expected makes some people fearful; but a case more trying by far to the nerves is to discover some mysterious companionship when intuition, sensation, memory, analogy, testimony, probability, induction—every kind of evidence in the logician’s list—have united to persuade consciousness that it is quite in isolation.
'But you will never realize that an incident which filled but a degree in the circle of your thoughts covered the whole circumference of mine.
He had indeed, once declared, though not to her, that on one occasion he had noticed himself to be possessed by five distinct infatuations at the same time.
Chapter 13 There are no conditions to which a man can not become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
I fireballed him as he was seeking out treasure after we wiped out a band of orcs, playing rock-papers-scissors with each orc to determine who would prevail in combat.
They look upon fraud as a greater crime than theft, and therefore seldom fail to punish it with death; for they allege, that care and vigilance, with a very common understanding, may preserve a man’s goods from thieves, but honesty has no defence against superior cunning; and, since it is necessary that there should be a perpetual intercourse of buying and selling, and dealing upon credit, where fraud is permitted and connived at, or has no law to punish it, the honest dealer is always undone, and the knave gets the advantage.
He felt himself, and did not want to be anyone else.
But she was not even grateful to him for it; nothing good on Pierre’s part seemed to her to be an effort, it seemed so natural for him to be kind to everyone that there was no merit in his kindness.
But despite the fact that the doctors treated him, bled him, and gave him medicines to drink, he recovered.
That is the life of each individual man, and that is the life of human societies and of humanity.
XXXVIII One does not really feel much grief at other people's sorrows; one tries, and puts on a melancholy face thinking oneself brutal for not caring more, but one can not; and it is better, for if one grieved too deeply at other people's tears life would be unendurable; and every man has sufficient sorrows of his own without taking to heart his neighbour's.
In presence of Nature’s grand convulsions man is powerless.
Three causes especially have excited the discontent of mankind; and, by impelling us to seek for remedies for the irremediable, have bewildered us in a maze of madness and error.
To forget himself in sleep was impossible now, at least till nighttime; he could not go back now to the music sung by the decanter-women; so he must forget himself in the dream of daily life.
A man of the present day, whether he believes in the divinity of Christ or not, can not fail to see that to assist in the capacity of tzar, minister, governor, or commissioner in taking from a poor family its last cow for taxes to be spent on cannons, or on the pay and pensions of idle officials, who live in luxury and are worse than useless; or in putting into prison some man we have ourselves corrupted, and throwing his family on the streets; or in plundering and butchering in war; or in inculcating savage and idolatrous superstitions in the place of the law of Christ; or in impounding the cow found on one's land, though it belongs to a man who has no land; or to cheat the workman in a factory, by imposing fines for accidentally spoiled articles; or making a poor man pay double the value for anything simply because he is in the direst poverty; not a man of the present day can fail to know that all these actions are base and disgraceful, and that they need not do them.
This child, with his innocent outlook upon life, was the compass that showed them the point to which they had departed from what they knew, but did not want to know.
So that if every one believes himself all will be united.
While imprisoned in the shed Pierre had learned not with his intellect but with his whole being, by life itself, that man is created for happiness, that happiness is within him, in the satisfaction of simple human needs, and that all unhappiness arises not from privation but from superfluity.
Ever since Christianity has been outwardly professed, this question is for men in their social life like the question which presents itself to a traveler when the road on which he has been journeying divides into two branches.
And of this mass of men so brutalized as to be ready to promise to kill their own parents, the social reformers conservatives, liberals, socialists, and anarchists propose to form a rational and moral society.
It is strange, pursued he, that while I love Rosamond Oliver so wildly—with all the intensity, indeed, of a first passion, the object of which is exquisitely beautiful, graceful, fascinating—I experience at the same time a calm, unwarped consciousness that she would not make me a good wife; that she is not the partner suited to me; that I should discover this within a year after marriage; and that to twelve months’rapture would succeed a lifetime of regret.
I could not, in those days, see God for His creature: of whom I had made an idol.
It is a happy thing that time quells the longings of vengeance and hushes the promptings of rage and aversion.
There is a perverse mood of the mind which is rather soothed than irritated by misconstruction; and in quarters where we can never be rightly known, we take pleasure, I think, in being consummately ignored.
I only want an easy mind, sir; not crushed by crowded obligations.
There are times when it is one’s duty to assert oneself.
If the fact will not fit the theory—let the theory go.
Because nature is an objectification of AUM, the Primal Sound or Vibratory Word, man can obtain control over all natural manifestations through the use of certain MANTRAS or chants.
Therefore, have done with this nonsense: you have no ground for hope: dismiss, at once, these hurtful thoughts and foolish wishes from your mind, and turn to your own duty, and the dull blank life that lies before you.
My burning, bursting heart strove to pour forth its agony to God, but could not frame its anguish into prayer; until a gust of wind swept over me, which, while it scattered the dead leaves, like blighted hopes, around, cooled my forehead, and seemed a little to revive my sinking frame. Then, while I lifted up my soul in speechless, earnest supplication, some heavenly influence seemed to strengthen me within: I breathed more freely; my vision cleared; I saw distinctly the pure moon shining on, and the light clouds skimming the clear, dark sky; and then I saw the eternal stars twinkling down upon me; I knew their God was mine, and He was strong to save and swift to hear.
And we actually listen and the devil only knows how hideous the whole thing is.
I repeat, I repeat with emphasis: all direct persons and men of action are active just because they are stupid and limited.
Ten thousand difficulties do not make one doubt, as I understand the subject; difficulty and doubt are incommensurate.
And who can tell but Heaven, at last, May answer all my thousand prayers, And bid the future pay the past With joy for anguish, smiles for tears.
She's afraid of his being kidnapped.
He also killed another, and only just escaped death himself at the hands of Ukridge.
As follows: _Am taking legal advice to ascertain whether strangling an idiot nephew counts as murder.
In his normal state he would not strike a lamb.
After forty-five years of mixing with one's kind, one ought to have acquired the habit of being able to know something about one's fellow beings.
Through all the darkness, through all the shame of which men are capable, the spirit of man will remain alive on this earth.
I shall call to me all the men and the women whose spirit has not been killed within them and who suffer under the yoke of their brothers.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
I love the blue sky, I love some people, whom one loves you know sometimes without knowing why. I love some great deeds done by men, though I’ve long ceased perhaps to have faith in them, yet from old habit one’s heart prizes them.
Strange, that some of us, with quick alternate vision, see beyond our infatuations, and even while we rave on the heights, behold the wide plain where our persistent self pauses and awaits us.
It’s well known there’s always two sides, if no more; else who’d go to law, I should like to know? It’s a poor tale, with all the law as there is up and down, if it’s no use proving whose child you are.
Now, for the first time in his life, he had five bright guineas put into his hand; no man expected a share of them, and he loved no man that he should offer him a share.
The story of their coming to be shapen after the average and fit to be packed by the gross, is hardly ever told even in their consciousness; for perhaps their ardor in generous unpaid toil cooled as imperceptibly as the ardor of other youthful loves, till one day their earlier self walked like a ghost in its old home and made the new furniture ghastly.
Oh, thou art fairer than the evening air Clad in the beauty of a thousand stars: Brighter art thou than naming Jupiter, When he appeared to hapless Semele: More lovely than the monarch of the sky, In wanton Arethusa's azured arms! Here will I dwell, for heaven is in these lips, And all is dross that is not Helena.
The man who says that he has no illusions has at least that one, he said, in a very friendly tone.
To beautify it is to take away its character of complexity—it is to destroy it.
Take the word for it of a man who has made his way inch by inch, and does n’t believe that we‘ll wake up to find our work done because we‘ve lain all night a-dreaming of it; anything worth doing is devilish hard to do! If your young protajay finds things easy and has a good time and says he likes the life, it‘s a sign that as I may say you had better step round to the office and look at the books.
The Baroness found it amusing to go to tea; she dressed as if for dinner.
The condemned social order has not been built up on paper and ink, and I don’t fancy that a combination of paper and ink will ever put an end to it, whatever you may think.
Beyond the fence the forest stood up spectrally in the moonlight, and through that dim stir, through the faint sounds of that lamentable courtyard, the silence of the land went home to one’s very heart—its mystery, its greatness, the amazing reality of its concealed life.
In the empty immensity of earth, sky, and water, there she was, incomprehensible, firing into a continent.
Curiosity being one of the forms of self-revelation, a systematically incurious person remains always partly mysterious.
That depends on what you mean by advice.
Girls, sometimes I feel as if those exams meant everything, but when I look at the big buds swelling on those chestnut trees and the misty blue air at the end of the streets they don’t seem half so important.
But the worst of imagining things is that the time comes when you have to stop and that hurts.
We scarcely wish to analyse what we feel to be so large and deeply human.
I want to dance, laugh, eat pink cakes, yellow cakes, drink thin, sharp wine.
N/A
And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
It is the hardest thing in the world to frighten a mongoose, because he is eaten up from nose to tail with curiosity.
If she survive, the tenderness will either be crushed out of her, or—and the outward semblance is the same—crushed so deeply into her heart that it can never show itself more.
In a word, old Roger Chillingworth was a striking evidence of man’s faculty of transforming himself into a devil, if he will only, for a reasonable space of time, undertake a devil’s office.
Think not now of the minister, but look about thee, and see how cheery is everybody’s face to-day.
The whole forest was peopled with frightful sounds the creaking of the trees, the howling of wild beasts, and the yell of Indians; while sometimes the wind tolled like a distant church bell, and sometimes gave a broad roar around the traveller, as if all Nature were laughing him to scorn.
It takes a great deal of Christianity to wipe out uncivilized Eastern instincts, such as falling in love at first sight.
She was something that is going to beâsoonâsoonâvery soon.
In the distance, the steamer twanged and thrummed and washed with her faintly-splashing paddles, trailing her strings of coloured lights, and occasionally lighting up the whole scene luridly with an effusion of fireworks, Roman candles and sheafs of stars and other simple effects, illuminating the surface of the water, and showing the boats creeping round, low down.
They hid away the remembrance and the knowledge.
one’s duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
It was one of those moments—which sometimes occur only at the interval of years—when a man’s moral aspect is faithfully revealed to his mind’s eye.
With a brain working and a body working one could keep step with the crowd and never be found out for the hollow machine, lacking the essential thing, that one was conscious of being.
I regret nothing, said Ralph firmly.
Oh, if I could choose, said Mabel, of course, I'd marry a brigand, and live in his mountain fastnesses, and be kind to his captives and help them to escape and You'll be a real treasure to your husband, said Gerald.
If so, it was the only one; for really there is nothing like wings for getting you into trouble.
When John comes back, and I see them together, I can judge better of her feelings toward him.
To others it might seem a ludicrous or trivial affair, but to her it was a hard experience, for during the twelve years of her life she had been governed by love alone, and a blow of that sort had never touched her before.
It would be pretty to read, but I don't want to die that way.
Young men often laugh at the sensible girls whom they secretly respect, and affect to admire the silly ones whom they secretly despise, because earnestness, intelligence, and womanly dignity are not the fashion.
The dim, dusty room, with the busts staring down from the tall bookcases, the cozy chairs, the globes, and best of all, the wilderness of books in which she could wander where she liked, made the library a region of bliss to her.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
A kiss for a blow is always best, though it’s not very easy to give it sometimes, said her mother, with the air of one who had learned the difference between preaching and practicing.
N/A
It has not yet been recorded that any human being has gained a very large or permanent contentment from meditation upon the fact that he is better off than others.
So he took me through a stable, and through a church, and down into the church vault, at the end of which was a mill; through the mill we went, and came to a cave; down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way, till a void boundless as a nether sky appeared beneath us, and we held by the roots of trees, and hung over this immensity; but I said: If you please, we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether Providence is here also; if you will not, I will.
Men are themselves to blame, I suppose; they were given paradise, they wanted freedom, and stole fire from heaven, though they knew they would become unhappy, so there is no need to pity them.
With the sound of the sea in their ears, vines, meadows, rivulets about them, they are even more aware than we are of a ruthless fate.
When two people have been married for years they seem to become unconscious of each other’s bodily presence so that they move as if alone, speak aloud things which they do not expect to be answered, and in general seem to experience all the comfort of solitude without its loneliness.
Literature had taken possession even of her memories.
This time, instead of seeming vague as ghosts, each word was astonishingly prominent; they came out as the tops of mountains come through a mist.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed, is, at a year old, a most delicious nourishing and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricasee, or a ragoust.
We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends those whom we obey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the most free, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties, even those for whom home holds no dear face, no familiar voice, even they have to meet the spirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in its valleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its trees a mute friend, judge, and inspirer.
And in the hush that had fallen suddenly upon the whole sorrowful land, the immense wilderness, the colossal body of the fecund and mysterious life seemed to look at her, pensive, as though it had been looking at the image of its own tenebrous and passionate soul.
We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends those whom we obey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the most free, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties, even those for whom home holds no dear face, no familiar voice, even they have to meet the spirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in its valleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its trees a mute friend, judge, and inspirer.
At the same time, though, he asked himself, this time looking at it from his own point of view, what reason he could have to do so.
For the secret of man’s being is not only to live but to have something to live for.
As time rolls on, however, we discover that duty is a series of compromises; we contemplate life, regard its end, and submit; but it is a submission which makes the heart bleed.
For this is your business—to act well the given part, but to choose it belongs to another.
It is only when you suffer that you really understand.
However, everything has an end, everything passes away, even the hunger of people who have not eaten for fifteen hours.
I ask no more than to live a hundred years longer, that I may have more time to dwell the longer on your memory.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
Arraigned at my own bar, Memory having given her evidence of the hopes, wishes, sentiments I had been cherishing since last night—of the general state of mind in which I had indulged for nearly a fortnight past; Reason having come forward and told, in her own quiet way, a plain, unvarnished tale, showing how I had rejected the real, and rabidly devoured the ideal; —I pronounced judgment to this effect: — That a greater fool than Jane Eyre had never breathed the breath of life; that a more fantastic idiot had never surfeited herself on sweet lies, and swallowed poison as if it were nectar.
We all must die one day, and the illness which is removing me is not painful; it is gentle and gradual: my mind is at rest.
I will bestir myself, was her resolution, and try to be wise if I can not be good.
Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags.
Human beings never enjoy complete happiness in this world.
We have selfish lovers who spend their fortunes, riot on us, as they say, but on their own vanity.
They don't want clever men; clever men have ideas, and ideas cause trouble; they want men who have charm and tact and who can be counted on never to make a blunder.
She could not but admit that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
It was a cold morning, and he shivered a little; but he had been taught by his uncle that his prayers were more acceptable to God if he said them in his nightshirt than if he waited till he was dressed.
I know that I shall die struggling for breath, and I know that I shall be horribly afraid.
20175m Without reflecting that this is the only moment in which you can study character, said the count; on the steps of the scaffold death tears off the mask that has been worn through life, and the real visage is disclosed.
I hate London, I hate the work, and nothing will induce me to go back to it.
Society tempts me to its service by honours and riches and the good opinion of my fellows; but I am indifferent to their good opinion, I despise honours and I can do very well without riches.
There is no general doctrine which is not capable of eating out our morality if unchecked by the deep-seated habit of direct fellow-feeling with individual fellow-men.
THE ESCAPE CHAPTER I. PARIS: SEPTEMBER, 1792 A surging, seething, murmuring crowd of beings that are human only in name, for to the eye and ear they seem naught but savage creatures, animated by vile passions and by the lust of vengeance and of hate.
He had only one life, and it was madness to fling it away.
One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, can not be trusted to move at any recognized pace.
He perceived that such a picture presupposed, on her part, the experience, the versatility, the freedom of judgment, which she had been carefully trained not to possess; and with a shiver of foreboding he saw his marriage becoming what most of the other marriages about him were: a dull association of material and social interests held together by ignorance on the one side and hypocrisy on the other.
Outside it, in the scene of his actual life, he moved with a growing sense of unreality and insufficiency, blundering against familiar prejudices and traditional points of view as an absent-minded man goes on bumping into the furniture of his own room.
She wanted, passionately and persistently, two things which she believed should subsist together in any well-ordered life: amusement and respectability; and despite her surface-sophistication her notion of amusement was hardly less innocent than when she had hung on the plumber's fence with Indiana Frusk.
It was before him again in its completeness the choice in which she was content to rest: in the stupid costliness of the food and the showy dulness of the talk, in the freedom of speech which never arrived at wit and the freedom of act which never made for romance.
The motions of her mind were as incalculable as the flit of a bird in the branches.
She threw back her head with a laugh that made her chins ripple like little waves.
We see the thief preaching against theft, and the adulterer against adultery.
You may remember that on earth though of course we never confessed it the death of anyone we knew, even those we liked best, was always mingled with a certain satisfaction at being finally done with them.
When you shoot, you pull down governments, inaugurate new epochs, abolish old orders and set up new.
Money, you think, is the sole motive to pains and hazard, deception and deviltry, in this world.
God help thee, old man, thy thoughts have created a creature in thee; and he whose intense thinking thus makes him a Prometheus; a vulture feeds upon that heart for ever; that vulture the very creature he creates.
Like those mystic rocks, too, the mystic-marked whale remains undecipherable.
Yea, foolish mortals, Noah’s flood is not yet subsided; two thirds of the fair world it yet covers.
Were I the wind, I’d blow no more on such a wicked, miserable world.
Yea, foolish mortals, Noah’s flood is not yet subsided; two thirds of the fair world it yet covers.
For what are the comprehensible terrors of man compared with the interlinked terrors and wonders of God!
Now, when I say that I am in the habit of going to sea whenever I begin to grow hazy about the eyes, and begin to be over conscious of my lungs, I do not mean to have it inferred that I ever go to sea as a passenger.
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke’s head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant’s and you come back again; but in very poor plight.
Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
I have been thinking, she continued, still in the tone of one brimful of feeling, that the social moulds civilization fits us into have no more relation to our actual shapes than the conventional shapes of the constellations have to the real star-patterns.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
The most warlike nations at this time in being are the most rude and ignorant: the Scythians, the Parthians, Tamerlane, serve for sufficient proof of this.
He had found the thing which the modern people call Impressionism, which is another name for that final scepticism which can find no floor to the universe.
For I have seen the truth; I have seen and I know that people can be beautiful and happy without losing the power of living on earth.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
In the immediate nearness of the gold, all else had been forgotten: his promise and the doctor’s warning were both things of the past, and I could not doubt that he hoped to seize upon the treasure, find and board the HISPANIOLA under cover of night, cut every honest throat about that island, and sail away as he had at first intended, laden with crimes and riches.
That child of Hell had nothing human; nothing lived in him but fear and hatred.
That child of Hell had nothing human; nothing lived in him but fear and hatred.
I stood straight up against the wall, my heart still going like a sledge-hammer, but with a ray of hope now shining in my bosom.
My friend, in working upon a case, one does not take into account only the things that are‘mentioned.’There is no reason to mention many things which may be important.
Illustration Chingachgook grasped the hand that, in the warmth of feeling, the scout had stretched across the fresh earth, and in an attitude of friendship these two sturdy and intrepid woodsmen bowed their heads together, while scalding tears fell to their feet, watering the grave of Uncas like drops of falling rain.
When I tell you not to marry _without_ love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone: there are many, many other things to be considered. Keep both heart and hand in your own possession, till you see good reason to part with them; and if such an occasion should never present itself, comfort your mind with this reflection, that though in single life your joys may not be very many, your sorrows, at least, will not be more than you can bear.
The difference between reading a story and studying a story is the difference between living the story and killing the story and looking at its guts.
It is a troublesome thing, Halford, this susceptibility to affronts where none are intended.
When we are harassed by sorrows or anxieties, or long oppressed by any powerful feelings which we must keep to ourselves, for which we can obtain and seek no sympathy from any living creature, and which yet we can not, or will not wholly crush, we often naturally seek relief in poetry—and often find it, too—whether in the effusions of others, which seem to harmonize with our existing case, or in our own attempts to give utterance to those thoughts and feelings in strains less musical, perchance, but more appropriate, and therefore more penetrating and sympathetic, and, for the time, more soothing, or more powerful to rouse and to unburden the oppressed and swollen heart.
Women are never tired of bewailing man’s fickleness in love, but they only seem to snub his constancy.
Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail.
There was now a distinct manifestation of morning in the air, and presently the bleared white visage of a sunless winter day emerged like a dead-born child.
If there was a reason for his preferring liberal to conservative views, which were held also by many of his circle, it arose not from his considering liberalism more rational, but from its being in closer accordance with his manner of life.
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life’s impossible; and that I can’t know, and so I can’t live, Levin said to himself.
If there was a reason for his preferring liberal to conservative views, which were held also by many of his circle, it arose not from his considering liberalism more rational, but from its being in closer accordance with his manner of life.
Her face was brilliant and glowing; but this glow was not one of brightness; it suggested the fearful glow of a conflagration in the midst of a dark night.
This principle shows itself in men not trying to recognize the truth, but to persuade themselves that the life they are leading, which is what they like and are used to, is a life perfectly consistent with truth.
At such times it seems to him that there is nothing on earth more splendid and interesting than himself.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
So it had to be, and I can not complain of anyone or anything.
Looking into Napoleon’s eyes Prince Andrew thought of the insignificance of greatness, the unimportance of life which no one could understand, and the still greater unimportance of death, the meaning of which no one alive could understand or explain.
He looked at people as if they were things.
At that time he had been satisfying a sensual curiosity to know what were the pleasures of those people who lived for love alone.
Somewhere in one of the tall trees, making a stage in its height, an invisible bird, desperately attempting to make the day seem shorter, was exploring with a long, continuous note the solitude that pressed it on every side, but it received at once so unanimous an answer, so powerful a repercussion of silence and of immobility that, one would have said, it had arrested for all eternity the moment which it had been trying to make pass more quickly.
He knows there is no reason to suffer, and that satisfies him.
The secrets of this earth are not for all men to see, but only for those who will seek them.
London life is too whirling and full to admit of even an hour of that deep silence of feeling which the friends of Job showed, when they sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him; for they saw that his grief was very great.
It seems strange to think, that what gives us most hope for the future should be called Dolores, said Margaret.
Margaret did not care if their gifts had prolonged the strife; she did not think far enough for that, in her present excited state.
By-and-by they’ll find out, tyrants makes liars.
Now I think what I’ve got to say is good enough reason; but reason or not, I’ll say it, and I’ll stick to it.
It is the first changes among familiar things that make such a mystery of time to the young, afterwards we lose the sense of the mysterious.
Then she took it into her head that, after all, his lightness might be but assumed, to cover a bitterness of disappointment which would have been stamped on her own heart if she had loved and been rejected.
She sat facing him and facing the light; her full beauty met his eye; her round white flexile throat rising out of the full, yet lithe figure; her lips moving so slightly as she spoke, not breaking the cold serene look of her face with any variation from the one lovely haughty curve; her eyes, with their soft gloom, meeting his with quiet maiden freedom.
But the monotonous life led by invalids often makes them like children, inasmuch as they have neither of them any sense of proportion in events, and seem each to believe that the walls and curtains which shut in their world, and shut out everything else, must of necessity be larger than anything hidden beyond.
London life is too whirling and full to admit of even an hour of that deep silence of feeling which the friends of Job showed, when they sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him; for they saw that his grief was very great.
Take care of her, for she is a very precious creature, a great deal too good for Milton only fit for Oxford, in fact.
Among the scenes which are deeply impressed on my mind, none exceed in sublimity the primeval forests undefaced by the hand of man; whether those of Brazil, where the powers of Life are predominant, or those of Tierra del Fuego, where Death and decay prevail.
Africa, or North and South America, are well-sounding names, and easily pronounced; but it is not until having sailed for weeks along small portions of their shores, that one is thoroughly convinced what vast spaces on our immense world these names imply.
In short, we shall have to treat species in the same manner as those naturalists treat genera, who admit that genera are merely artificial combinations made for convenience.
As natural selection acts by competition, it adapts the inhabitants of each country only in relation to the degree of perfection of their associates; so that we need feel no surprise at the inhabitants of any one country, although on the ordinary view supposed to have been specially created and adapted for that country, being beaten and supplanted by the naturalised productions from another land.
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
The stars on the lake seemed to leap like grasshoppers, silver upon the blackness, as he spun past.
She walked always in a shadow, silenced, with a strange, deep terror having hold of her, her desire was to seek satisfaction in dread, to enter a nunnery, to satisfy the instincts of dread in her, through service of a dark religion.
She could no longer borrow from the future to help her through the present grief.
To the untrue man, the whole universe is false, —it is impalpable, —it shrinks to nothing within his grasp.
By all appreciable signs, they loved; they had looked love with eyes that conveyed the holy secret from the depths of one soul into the depths of the other, as if it were too sacred to be whispered by the way; they had even spoken love in those gushes of passion when their spirits darted forth in articulated breath like tongues of long-hidden flame; and yet there had been no seal of lips, no clasp of hands, nor any slightest caress such as love claims and hallows.
The proper functions of a critic is to save the tale from the artist who created it.
The same singularly proud and reserved nature which turned away with disdain from popular notoriety was capable of being moved to its depths by spontaneous wonder and praise from a friend.
As far as love is concerned, I begin where he left off.
To persons of spirit like ourselves the only happy marriage is that which is based on a firm foundation of almost incessant quarrelling.
I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence.
The proprietor of the grocery store on the corner was bidding a silent farewell to a tomato which even he, though a dauntless optimist, had been compelled to recognize as having outlived its utility.
The sun is but a morning star.
A common and natural result of an undue respect for the law is, that you may see a file of soldiers, colonel, captain, corporal, privates, powder-monkeys and all, marching in admirable order over hill and dale to the wars, against their wills, aye, against their common sense and consciences, which makes it very steep marching indeed, and produces a palpitation of the heart.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
If a thousand men were not to pay their tax-bills this year, that would not be a violent and bloody measure, as it would be to pay them, and enable the State to commit violence and shed innocent blood.
She belongs to the winter that is past, to the darkness that is over, and has no part or lot in the life I shall lead for the next six months.
Upon my word, thought Mrs. Fisher, the way one pretty face can turn a delightful man into an idiot is past all patience.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
I would rather touch her hand if it were dead, than I would touch any other woman’s living.
It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
BEN WEATHERSTAFF One of the strange things about living in the world is that it is only now and then one is quite sure one is going to live forever and ever and ever. One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
Society never made the preposterous demand that a man should think as much about his own qualifications for making a charming girl happy as he thinks of hers for making himself happy.
Here and there is born a Saint Theresa, foundress of nothing, whose loving heart-beats and sobs after an unattained goodness tremble off and are dispersed among hindrances, instead of centring in some long-recognizable deed.
So he stepped forward into the darkness.
It’s easy finding reasons why other folks should be patient.
He lived chiefly in the country, among pleasant seats and homesteads, and was fond of sauntering by the fruit-tree wall and scenting the apricots when they were warmed by the morning sunshine, or of sheltering himself under the orchard boughs at noon, when the summer pears were falling. He knew nothing of weekday services, and thought none the worse of the Sunday sermon if it allowed him to sleep from the text to the blessing; liking the afternoon service best, because the prayers were the shortest, and not ashamed to say so; for he had an easy, jolly conscience, broad-backed like himself, and able to carry a great deal of beer or port-wine, not being made squeamish by doubts and qualms and lofty aspirations.
When all are undressed, one is somehow not ashamed, but when one’s the only one undressed and everybody is looking, it’s degrading, he kept repeating to himself, again and again.
Now let us go, love, down the winding stair, With fingers intertwined: ay, feel my sword!
But I predict that just when you see with horror that in spite of all your efforts you are getting farther from your goal instead of nearer to it—at that very moment I predict that you will reach it and behold clearly the miraculous power of the Lord who has been all the time loving and mysteriously guiding you.
In fact, I believe that the best definition of man is the ungrateful biped.
That day must come when men will understand that freedom and daily bread enough to satisfy all are unthinkable and can never be had together, as men will never be able to fairly divide the two among themselves. And they will also learn that they can never be free, for they are weak, vicious, miserable nonentities born wicked and rebellious.
In a morbid condition of the brain, dreams often have a singular actuality, vividness, and extraordinary semblance of reality.
Confinement, regulation, and excessive work have no effect but to develop with these men profound hatred, a thirst for forbidden enjoyment, and frightful recalcitrations.
Why, to maintain this theory of the regeneration of mankind by means of the pursuit of his own advantage is to my mind almost the same thing.
But there is this terrible thing in evil thoughts, that evil minds soon grow familiar with them.
A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes.
I am sure you had better settle in the country, Johnny.
This may puzzle the people who believe that there is such a thing as an absolutely right point of view, usually their own.
It was all very well for Comrade Butt to knock the food, but he had pretty well finished the ham; and if you had shoved the remainder of the jam into the bleeding lips of the starving poor it would hardly have made them sticky.
And, terrible though the fact is as an indictment of the male sex, when a woman knows all, there is invariably trouble ahead for some man.
I don't know.
