The psychologist must look away from himself if he wishes to see anything at all.
The Mysteries of Udolpho, when I had once begun it, I could not lay down again; I remember finishing it in two days—my hair standing on end the whole time.
And therefore is love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguil’d.
I have no notion of loving people by halves; it is not my nature.
I should like balls infinitely better, she replied, if they were carried on in a different manner; but there is something insufferably tedious in the usual process of such a meeting.
He listened to her with perfect indifference, while she chose to entertain herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced her that all was safe, her wit flowed long.
An honest man is able to speak for himself, when a knave is not.
Stop the cab.
It was some consolation to think that his visit to Rosings was to end on the day after the next—and, a still greater, that in less than a fortnight she should herself be with Jane again, and enabled to contribute to the recovery of her spirits, by all that affection could do.
I had rather be a _thing_ than an angel.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence—whether much that is glorious—whether all that is profound—does not spring from disease of thought—from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
He distrusts his own judgment in such matters so much, that he is always unwilling to give his opinion on any picture; but he has an innate propriety and simplicity of taste, which in general direct him perfectly right.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings. In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice: Take each man’s censure, but reserve thy judgment.
Which dreams, indeed, are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
My dear Jane, Mr. Collins is a conceited, pompous, narrow-minded, silly man; you know he is, as well as I do; and you must feel, as well as I do, that the woman who married him can not have a proper way of thinking.
Boots had then run down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was he who had been hurt.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
N/A
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Lovers can see to do their amorous rites By their own beauties: or, if love be blind, It best agrees with night.
It was a great surprise to Scrooge, while listening to the moaning of the wind, and thinking what a solemn thing it was to move on through the lonely darkness over an unknown abyss, whose depths were secrets as profound as Death: it was a great surprise to Scrooge, while thus engaged, to hear a hearty laugh.
If one had not a support in religion—you remember we talked about that—no father could bring children up relying on his own strength alone without that help.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
But there is nothing in the world so wrong but that the spirit of humanity, which is the spirit of love, the spirit of the Christ who is not in churches, may make it, if not right, at least possible to be borne without too much bitterness of heart.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
If it had grown up, she said to herself, it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes rather a handsome pig, I think.
I beg you would not put it into Lizzy’s head to be vexed by his ill-treatment, for he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him.
When he is married, if we have the good luck to live to another war, we shall see him do as you and I, and a great many others, have done.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
A fiend had snatched from me every hope of future happiness; no creature had ever been so miserable as I was; so frightful an event is single in the history of man.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
We _will_ know where we have gone—we _will_ recollect what we have seen.
I shall not say you are mistaken, he replied, because you could not really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you; and I have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know that you find great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your own.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
I can resist everything except temptation.
Your husband is noble nature, and you are noble too, for you trust, and trust can not be where there is mean nature.
Then I seemed to see a row of black dots appear along that ridge human heads? I couldn't tell; it mightn't be anything at all; you can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
O, when she’s angry, she is keen and shrewd.
A lioness hath whelped in the streets, And graves have yawn’d, and yielded up their dead; Fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol; The noise of battle hurtled in the air, Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan, And ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.
Everybody is clever nowadays.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Do you know I am afraid that good people do a great deal of harm in this world.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance, Phipps.
He dashed his head against the knotted trunk; and, lifting up his eyes, howled, not like a man, but like a savage beast being goaded to death with knives and spears.
And if you don’t love me any more, it would be better and more honest to say so.
I am afeard, Being in night, all this is but a dream, Too flattering sweet to be substantial.
It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
She seems to have a skill and presence of mind perfectly wonderful in a child of her age.
A deed without a name.
Of all people in the world the English have the least sense of the beauty of literature.
I can not say why I felt so wildly wretched: it must have been temporary derangement; for there is scarcely cause.
it is consistent.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it! Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is referable to this.
A beautiful woman risking everything for a mad passion.
This is the end of the first stage of Pip’s expectations.
God was very good, and would watch over him.
I shouldn’t have come over if I could have helped it, but I can’t get on without my little woman any more than a. Weathercock can without the wind, suggested Jo, as he paused for a simile.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one’s self, and one always ends by deceiving others.
Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes.
Oh— We’ll drink to-night with hearts as light, To love, as gay and fleeting As bubbles that swim, on the beaker’s brim, And break on the lips while meeting.
The real spring had come.
That must needs be sport alone; And those things do best please me That befall prepost’rously.
Remember, my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker.
Because I think that life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
And O what a bright old song it is, that O‘tis love,‘tis love,‘tis love that makes the world go round!
N/A
Moorish eyes.
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn’t love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
But trifles look so trivial As soon as you have come, That blame is just as dear as praise And praise as mere as blame.
Picture: Decorative graphic Yet each man kills the thing he loves, By each let this be heard, Some do it with a bitter look, Some with a flattering word, The coward does it with a kiss, The brave man with a sword! Some kill their love when they are young, And some when they are old; Some strangle with the hands of Lust, Some with the hands of Gold: The kindest use a knife, because The dead so soon grow cold. Some love too little, some too long, Some sell, and others buy; Some do the deed with many tears, And some without a sigh: For each man kills the thing he loves, Yet each man does not die. He does not die a death of shame On a day of dark disgrace, Nor have a noose about his neck, Nor a cloth upon his face, Nor drop feet foremost through the floor Into an empty space. Picture: Decorative graphic He does not sit with silent men Who watch him night and day; Who watch him when he tries to weep, And when he tries to pray; Who watch him lest himself should rob The prison of its prey.
The knitting old woman with the cat obtruded herself upon my memory as a most improper person to be sitting at the other end of such an affair.
The only thing wanting is the necessary thing, a great patch of open sky like this.
It would be nearer the truth to say that my parents seem to have lost me.
I can much more easily believe Mr. Bingley’s being imposed on, than that Mr. Wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last night; names, facts, everything mentioned without ceremony.
Being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
He dashed his head against the knotted trunk; and, lifting up his eyes, howled, not like a man, but like a savage beast being goaded to death with knives and spears.
You dare not, you can not deny, that you have been the principal, if not the only means of dividing them from each other—of exposing one to the censure of the world for caprice and instability, and the other to its derision for disappointed hopes, and involving them both in misery of the acutest kind.
I’m one, you know.
I took that dear hand, held it a moment to my lips, then let it pass round my shoulder: being so much lower of stature than he, I served both for his prop and guide.
Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims’hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers’kiss.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the society of clever women.
The happiness which this reply produced, was such as he had probably never felt before; and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as warmly as a man violently in love can be supposed to do.
It ended in a throbbing, primitive love-call from the sensuous tropic night that no one could mistake.
So, gentlemen, With all my love I do commend me to you; And what so poor a man as Hamlet is May do t’express his love and friending to you, God willing, shall not lack.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
I am the happiest creature in the world.
It was the only compliment I ever gave him, because I disapproved of him from beginning to end.
When an old woman like myself blushes, it is a very bad sign.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
If I can but see one of my daughters happily settled at Netherfield, said Mrs. Bennet to her husband, and all the others equally well married, I shall have nothing to wish for.
I suppose that at one time I could have had anything I wanted, within reason, but that was the only thing I ever wanted with any fervor.
Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar.
It must be that I am dreaming, and that I shall awaken in a moment to see that awful knife descending toward my heart—kiss me, dear, just once before I lose my dream forever.
Birth and good manners are essential; but a little learning is by no means a dangerous thing in good company; on the contrary, it will do very well.
I thank you for explaining it so fully.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
Your mind is my treasure, and if it were broken, it would be my treasure still: if you raved, my arms should confine you, and not a strait waistcoat—your grasp, even in fury, would have a charm for me: if you flew at me as wildly as that woman did this morning, I should receive you in an embrace, at least as fond as it would be restrictive.
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilised by education: they grow there, firm as weeds among stones.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings. In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness.
That age will be rich indeed when those relics which we call Classics, and the still older and more than classic but even less known Scriptures of the nations, shall have still further accumulated, when the Vaticans shall be filled with Vedas and Zendavestas and Bibles, with Homers and Dantes and Shakespeares, and all the centuries to come shall have successively deposited their trophies in the forum of the world.
That union can only be severed by a crime, and a crime of that nature brings its own chastisement.
There is nothing more luxurious than eating while you read unless it be reading while you eat.
And, after proceeding a few steps, she added—I stopped you ungraciously, just now, Mr. Knightley, and, I am afraid, gave you pain.—But if you have any wish to speak openly to me as a friend, or to ask my opinion of any thing that you may have in contemplation—as a friend, indeed, you may command me.—I will hear whatever you like.
Elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her feelings appear what they were not.
When he had gone halfway he turned around and stared at the scene—his wife and Catherine scolding and consoling as they stumbled here and there among the crowded furniture with articles of aid, and the despairing figure on the couch, bleeding fluently, and trying to spread a copy of Town Tattle over the tapestry scenes of Versailles.
It was not a new world, but rather another chaos, that it created in us.
For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy, whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
The world is little, people are little, human life is little.
Ramsden: it is very easy for you to call me a happy man: you are only a spectator.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
But there are moments when one has to choose between living one’s own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
I know not, sir.
For you yourself, sir, should be old as I am, if like a crab you could go backward.
‘Tis time to wean ourselves from society when we can no longer add anything to it; he who is not in a condition to lend must forbid himself to borrow.
I told you I couldn’t play.
I can remember some expressions which might justly make you hate me.
In respectability of character, there can be no doubt that they are.
I was superstitious about dreams then, and am still; and Catherine had an unusual gloom in her aspect, that made me dread something from which I might shape a prophecy, and foresee a fearful catastrophe.
I gave him my heart, and he took and pinched it to death, and flung it back to me.
It merely requires a certain amount of sordid terror, a certain lack of imaginative thought, and a certain low passion for middle-class respectability.
XIV Not from the stars do I my judgement pluck; And yet methinks I have astronomy, But not to tell of good or evil luck, Of plagues, of dearths, or seasons’quality; Nor can I fortune to brief minutes tell, Pointing to each his thunder, rain and wind, Or say with princes if it shall go well By oft predict that I in heaven find: But from thine eyes my knowledge I derive, And constant stars in them I read such art As‘Truth and beauty shall together thrive, If from thyself, to store thou wouldst convert’; Or else of thee this I prognosticate:‘Thy end is truth’s and beauty’s doom and date.’XV When I consider every thing that grows Holds in perfection but a little moment, That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows Whereon the stars in secret influence comment; When I perceive that men as plants increase, Cheered and checked even by the self-same sky, Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease, And wear their brave state out of memory; Then the conceit of this inconstant stay Sets you most rich in youth before my sight, Where wasteful Time debateth with decay To change your day of youth to sullied night, And all in war with Time for love of you, As he takes from you, I engraft you new.
It was a great surprise to Scrooge, while listening to the moaning of the wind, and thinking what a solemn thing it was to move on through the lonely darkness over an unknown abyss, whose depths were secrets as profound as Death: it was a great surprise to Scrooge, while thus engaged, to hear a hearty laugh.
Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
We’re going to mingle with the set that carries a Spitz, wears spats, and hits the ground in high spots.’Solly puts six thousand dollars in century bills in one pocket of his brown ducks, and bills of lading for ten thousand dollars on Eastern banks in another.
The only difference is that you don't love me.
It stops and gilds some inconsequential object, and we poor fools try to grasp it but when we do the sunbeam moves on to something else, and you've got the inconsequential part, but the glitter that made you want it is gone He broke off uneasily.
N/A
It is hard to forgive, and to look at those eyes, and feel those wasted hands, he answered.
We need to witness our own limits transgressed, and some life pasturing freely where we never wander.
No sound broke the peace of the night save when the lank brown horses rubbed their noses together and shook their bells.
May you never appeal to Heaven in prayers so hopeless and so agonised as in that hour left my lips; for never may you, like me, dread to be the instrument of evil to what you wholly love.
I am no novel-reader—I seldom look into novels—Do not imagine that _I_ often read novels—It is really very well for a novel.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
She’s going to stay there till the day after tomorrow, and then we’re going to move away.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
And _your_ defect is to hate everybody.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
You want a man’s work, too, always to have a defined aim, and love and family life always to be undivided—and that’s not how it is. All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
But let me advise you to think better of it.
I liked to walk up Fifth Avenue and pick out romantic women from the crowd and imagine that in a few minutes I was going to enter into their lives, and no one would ever know or disapprove.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
I have to remind myself to breathe—almost to remind my heart to beat! And it is like bending back a stiff spring: it is by compulsion that I do the slightest act not prompted by one thought; and by compulsion that I notice anything alive or dead, which is not associated with one universal idea.
It was the hour of a profound human change, and excitement was generating on the air.
Your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may safely be trusted with matters which are of an importance which can hardly be exaggerated.
I always pass on good advice.
Don’t you think so, Jane? It is a pity to see it; and a pity to see your eyes—and the scar of fire on your forehead: and the worst of it is, one is in danger of loving you too well for all this; and making too much of you.
I wrote one myself in earlier days.
I have forgiven all, and so I can not deprive her of what is exacted by love in her—by her love for her son.
Gatsby’s house was still empty when I left—the grass on his lawn had grown as long as mine.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
I do not hear of _men_ being _forced_ to live this way or that by masses of men.
It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
Those who were sincere have owned to me that the poem made them fall asleep; yet it was necessary to have it in their library as a monument of antiquity, or like those rusty medals which are no longer of use in commerce.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can’t find them, make them.
Let me take it in the best light, in the light in which it may be understood.
All human history moves towards one great goal, the manifestation of God.
I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now.
I morbidly represented to myself that if Joe knew it, I never afterwards could see him at the fireside feeling his fair whisker, without thinking that he was meditating on it.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Let them think what they liked, but I didn’t mean to drown myself.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
As long as heaven vouchsafes him health and strength, he thinks that he shall come to no harm hereafter, and even when the blessed gods bring sorrow upon him, he bears it as he needs must, and makes the best of it; for God almighty gives men their daily minds day by day.
It is desirable that the normal pitch of conduct at which men are not conscious of being particularly virtuous, although they feel mean when they fall below it, should be raised as high as possible; but it is not desirable that they should attempt to live above this pitch any more than that they should habitually walk at the rate of five miles an hour or carry a hundredweight continually on their backs. Their normal condition should be in nowise difficult or remarkable; and it is a perfectly sound instinct that leads us to mistrust the good man as much as the bad man, and to object to the clergyman who is pious extra-professionally as much as to the professional pugilist who is quarrelsome and violent in private life. We do not want good men and bad men any more than we want giants and dwarfs. What we do want is a high quality for our normal: that is, people who can be much better than what we now call respectable without self-sacrifice. Conscious goodness, like conscious muscular effort, may be of use in emergencies; but for everyday national use it is negligible; and its effect on the character of the individual may easily be disastrous.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
Always, after he was in bed, there were voices—indefinite, fading, enchanting—just outside his window, and before he fell asleep he would dream one of his favorite waking dreams, the one about becoming a great half-back, or the one about the Japanese invasion, when he was rewarded by being made the youngest general in the world.
In America, as everyone knows, girls early sign the declaration of independence, and enjoy their freedom with republican zest, but the young matrons usually abdicate with the first heir to the throne and go into a seclusion almost as close as a French nunnery, though by no means as quiet.
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken; but where, as in this case, though the conduct is mistaken, the feelings are not, it may not be very material.—Mr.
But it was a hope shortly checked by other considerations, and she soon felt that even her vanity was insufficient, when required to depend on his affection for her—for a woman who had already refused him—as able to overcome a sentiment so natural as abhorrence against relationship with Wickham.
God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
_Mir._ Never till this day Saw I him touch’d with anger so distemper’d.
I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it call itself my home, my fatherland, or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use—silence, exile and cunning.
You seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.
Then my sole relief was to walk along the corridor of the third storey, backwards and forwards, safe in the silence and solitude of the spot, and allow my mind’s eye to dwell on whatever bright visions rose before it—and, certainly, they were many and glowing; to let my heart be heaved by the exultant movement, which, while it swelled it in trouble, expanded it with life; and, best of all, to open my inward ear to a tale that was never ended—a tale my imagination created, and narrated continuously; quickened with all of incident, life, fire, feeling, that I desired and had not in my actual existence.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
We think that we are generous because we credit our neighbour with the possession of those virtues that are likely to be a benefit to us.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
It is exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
Moreover, if you are restricted in your range by poverty, if you can not buy books and newspapers, for instance, you are but confined to the most significant and vital experiences; you are compelled to deal with the material which yields the most sugar and the most starch.
She could not think of Darcy’s leaving Kent without remembering that his cousin was to go with him; but Colonel Fitzwilliam had made it clear that he had no intentions at all, and agreeable as he was, she did not mean to be unhappy about him.
Now I understood that the same road was to bring us together again.
I admire the activity of your benevolence, observed Mary, but every impulse of feeling should be guided by reason; and, in my opinion, exertion should always be in proportion to what is required.
Her life was the normal blossoming of a nature introspective to a high degree, whose best thought could not exist in pretence. Storm, wind, the wild March sky, sunsets and dawns; the birds and bees, butterflies and flowers of her garden, with a few trusted human friends, were sufficient companionship.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Our eyes lifted over the rose-beds and the hot lawn and the weedy refuse of the dog-days alongshore.
My lords, answered he, it is not by time I could repel the attack made on me by enemies unknown to me, and, doubtless, hidden in obscurity; it is immediately, and by a thunderbolt, that I must repel the flash of lightning which, for a moment, startled me.
Though life its common gifts deny, — Though, with a crushed and bleeding heart, And spurned of man, he goes to die! For God hath marked each sorrowing day, And numbered every bitter tear, And heaven’s long years of bliss shall pay For all his children suffer here.
When dusk comes we should find ourselves one stage advanced in our investigation.
He never loses patience, never doubts or complains, but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him.
This was very pleasant; there is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
She has everything we men have lost.
’tis the first,’tis flattery in my seeing, And my great mind most kingly drinks it up: Mine eye well knows what with his gust is’greeing, And to his palate doth prepare the cup: If it be poison’d,’tis the lesser sin That mine eye loves it and doth first begin.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
Her face was assuredly not soft, sensual, or lecherous, but hard, wise, wholesome rather, signifying in a room full of sophisticated people the flesh and blood of life.
If one loves Art at all, one must love it beyond all other things in the world, and against such love, the reason, if one listened to it, would cry out.
Your conduct has always been of the most delicate and obliging description.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story.
N/A
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
But when all was said the important thing was to love rather than to be loved; and he yearned for Mildred with his whole soul.
In truth, what she has done is a great crime.
The business of self-command she settled very easily; —with strong affections it was impossible, with calm ones it could have no merit.
It does make life so interesting.
I swear they are all beautiful, Every one that sleeps is beautiful, every thing in the dim light is beautiful, The wildest and bloodiest is over, and all is peace. Peace is always beautiful, The myth of heaven indicates peace and night. The myth of heaven indicates the soul, The soul is always beautiful, it appears more or it appears less, it comes or it lags behind, It comes from its embower’d garden and looks pleasantly on itself and encloses the world, Perfect and clean the genitals previously jetting, and perfect and clean the womb cohering, The head well-grown proportion’d and plumb, and the bowels and joints proportion’d and plumb. The soul is always beautiful, The universe is duly in order, every thing is in its place, What has arrived is in its place and what waits shall be in its place, The twisted skull waits, the watery or rotten blood waits, The child of the glutton or venerealee waits long, and the child of the drunkard waits long, and the drunkard himself waits long, The sleepers that lived and died wait, the far advanced are to go on in their turns, and the far behind are to come on in their turns, The diverse shall be no less diverse, but they shall flow and unite they unite now. 8 The sleepers are very beautiful as they lie unclothed, They flow hand in hand over the whole earth from east to west as they lie unclothed, The Asiatic and African are hand in hand, the European and American are hand in hand, Learn’d and unlearn’d are hand in hand, and male and female are hand in hand, The bare arm of the girl crosses the bare breast of her lover, they press close without lust, his lips press her neck, The father holds his grown or ungrown son in his arms with measureless love, and the son holds the father in his arms with measureless love, The white hair of the mother shines on the white wrist of the daughter, The breath of the boy goes with the breath of the man, friend is inarm’d by friend, The scholar kisses the teacher and the teacher kisses the scholar, the wrong’d made right, The call of the slave is one with the master’s call, and the master salutes the slave, The felon steps forth from the prison, the insane becomes sane, the suffering of sick persons is reliev’d, The sweatings and fevers stop, the throat that was unsound is sound, the lungs of the consumptive are resumed, the poor distress’d head is free, The joints of the rheumatic move as smoothly as ever, and smoother than ever, Stiflings and passages open, the paralyzed become supple, The swell’d and convuls’d and congested awake to themselves in condition, They pass the invigoration of the night and the chemistry of the night, and awake.
Beyond a competence, it can afford no real satisfaction, as far as mere self is concerned.
And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays.
To bed, to bed, to bed.
Love Jo all your days, if you choose, but don’t let it spoil you, for it’s wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can’t have the one you want.
Given a decent start any girl can beat a man nowadays.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
I just need few words with someone of the same social standing as myself and everything will be incomparably clearer, much clearer than a long conversation with these two can make it.
Let us take the law of our sides; let them begin.
Be as considerate and good to me as you were, and tell me we are friends.
Energy is the only life, and is from the Body; and Reason is the bound or outward circumference of Energy.
I don’t like work—no man does—but I like what is in the work—the chance to find yourself.
The question is, what can you make people believe that you have done.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
All sad feelings seemed now driven from the house, all gloomy associations forgotten: there was life everywhere, movement all day long.
In the savage state every family owns a shelter as good as the best, and sufficient for its coarser and simpler wants; but I think that I speak within bounds when I say that, though the birds of the air have their nests, and the foxes their holes, and the savages their wigwams, in modern civilized society not more than one half the families own a shelter.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
But come young waverer, come go with me, In one respect I’ll thy assistant be; For this alliance may so happy prove, To turn your households’rancour to pure love.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
I may show it to Jonathan some day if there is in it anything worth sharing, but it is really an exercise book.
And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake, and perhaps as long as eternity too.
I was never so struck by anything in my life.
Joy, gentle friends, joy and fresh days of love Accompany your hearts! LYSANDER.
It is settled between us already, that we are to be the happiest couple in the world.
Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims’hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers’kiss.
What’s all this fuss I have been making about, thought I to myself—the man’s a human being just as I am: he has just as much reason to fear me, as I have to be afraid of him.
The instant, however, that I had stepped over the threshold, he moved impulsively forward, and holding out his hand grasped mine with a strength which made me wince, an effect which was not lessened by the fact that it seemed as cold as ice more like the hand of a dead than a living man.
No pins were ever stuck into their cotton vitals, no harsh words or blows were ever given them, no neglect ever saddened the heart of the most repulsive, but all were fed and clothed, nursed and caressed with an affection which never failed.
Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice: Take each man’s censure, but reserve thy judgment.
But it’s not as bad as it looks, and one can get on quite happily if one has something in one’s self to fall back upon.
Germs Forms, qualities, lives, humanity, language, thoughts, The ones known, and the ones unknown, the ones on the stars, The stars themselves, some shaped, others unshaped, Wonders as of those countries, the soil, trees, cities, inhabitants, whatever they may be, Splendid suns, the moons and rings, the countless combinations and effects, Such-like, and as good as such-like, visible here or anywhere, stand provided for a handful of space, which I extend my arm and half enclose with my hand, That containing the start of each and all, the virtue, the germs of all.
The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them.
There is a magic and mystery in art that you know nothing of.
Australia is fertile in writers whose books are faithful mirrors of the life of the country and of its history.
And suppose further, that when he saw their perplexity he said:'Do you desire to be wholly one; always day and night to be in one another's company? for if this is what you desire, I am ready to melt you into one and let you grow together, so that being two you shall become one, and while you live live a common life as if you were a single man, and after your death in the world below still be one departed soul instead of two I ask whether this is what you lovingly desire, and whether you are satisfied to attain this?
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
Failure, disgrace, poverty, sorrow, despair, suffering, tears even, the broken words that come from lips in pain, remorse that makes one walk on thorns, conscience that condemns, self- abasement that punishes, the misery that puts ashes on its head, the anguish that chooses sack-cloth for its raiment and into its own drink puts gall: all these were things of which I was afraid.
I do not cough for my own amusement, replied Kitty fretfully.
If I am occasionally a little over-dressed, I make up for it by being always immensely over-educated.
But she was angered with shame; she felt a wild desire to strike him; she went to open the window in the passage and breathed in the fresh air to calm herself.
Wounded vanity can make a woman more vindictive than a lioness robbed of her cubs.
People who suffer as I do from nervous complaints can have no great inclination for talking.
N/A
The only difference between a caprice and a lifelong passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
Young Fortinbras, with conquest come from Poland, To the ambassadors of England gives This warlike volley.
_Mir._ Never till this day Saw I him touch’d with anger so distemper’d.
As he spoke there was in his heart that tremulousness that we take for sincerity in ourselves.
II.
N/A
It has often and confidently been asserted, that man’s origin can never be known: but ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
It is wonderful, though, he said to himself as he shuffled out of the room—it is wonderful that she should have liked him.
The fearful passage of their death-mark’d love, And the continuance of their parents’rage, Which, but their children’s end, nought could remove, Is now the two hours’traffic of our stage; The which, if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
The man who reviews his own life, as I do mine, in going on here, from page to page, had need to have been a good man indeed, if he would be spared the sharp consciousness of many talents neglected, many opportunities wasted, many erratic and perverted feelings constantly at war within his breast, and defeating him.
Your mighty monarch these in peace possess’d; Some few my soldiers had, himself the rest.
You had made me understand what love really is.
This is nothing, cried she: I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
Remember my words, for although I shall talk with you again, not only my days but my hours are numbered.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies’brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair; He that is strucken blind can not forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
They star’d, and were distracted; No man’s life was to be trusted with them.
little ones, and for their having instantly all the liberty and attendance, all the eating and drinking, and sleeping and playing, which they could possibly wish for, without the smallest delay, the children were never allowed to be long a disturbance to him, either in themselves or in any restless attendance on them.
The more a man knows, and the farther he travels, the more likely he is to marry a country girl afterwards.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
That was his most perfect idea of heaven’s happiness: mine was rocking in a rustling green tree, with a west wind blowing, and bright white clouds flitting rapidly above; and not only larks, but throstles, and blackbirds, and linnets, and cuckoos pouring out music on every side, and the moors seen at a distance, broken into cool dusky dells; but close by great swells of long grass undulating in waves to the breeze; and woods and sounding water, and the whole world awake and wild with joy. He wanted all to lie in an ecstasy of peace; I wanted all to sparkle and dance in a glorious jubilee.
This is the state of man: To-day he puts forth The tender leaves of hope, to-morrow blossoms, And bears his blushing honors thick upon him; The third day, comes a frost, a killing frost; And, when he thinks, good easy man, full surely His greatness is ripening, nips his root, And then he falls, as I do.
It is exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied.
It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy; —it is disposition alone.
By midnight the hilarity had increased.
Not ignoring what is good, I am quick to perceive a horror, and could still be social with it—would they let me—since it is but well to be on friendly terms with all the inmates of the place one lodges in.
But why do spirits walk the earth, and why do they come to me? It is required of every man, the Ghost returned, that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellowmen, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death.
Why, you're only a sort of thing in his dream; and you're mad too.
I know all that.
I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life, to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms, and, if it proved to be mean, why then to get the whole and genuine meanness of it, and publish its meanness to the world; or if it were sublime, to know it by experience, and be able to give a true account of it in my next excursion. For most men, it appears to me, are in a strange uncertainty about it, whether it is of the devil or of God, and have _somewhat hastily_ concluded that it is the chief end of man here to glorify God and enjoy him forever.
You mustn’t think that I am wicked.
I remember your saying once that there is a fatality about good resolutions—that they are always made too late.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
I believe, according to the peerage, it is ten years, but ten years with Monmouth must have been like eternity, with time thrown in.
Being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing.
Or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I’ll no longer be a Capulet.
Lovers can see to do their amorous rites By their own beauties: or, if love be blind, It best agrees with night.
If Nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that warm things, kind things, sweet things help and comfort and laughter and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
If that man had been an ordinary lunatic I would have taken my chance of trusting him; but he seems so mixed up with the Count in an indexy kind of way that I am afraid of doing anything wrong by helping his fads.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
She has a very good notion of fingering, though her taste is not equal to Anne’s.
Be not her maid since she is envious; Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it; cast it off.
All at once, as with a sudden smile of heaven, forth burst the sunshine, pouring a very flood into the obscure forest, gladdening each green leaf, transmuting the yellow fallen ones to gold, and gleaming adown the gray trunks of the solemn trees.
It by no means follows, however, that the incitements of Passion’or the precepts of Duty, or even the lessons of Truth, may not be introduced into a poem, and with advantage; for they may subserve incidentally, in various ways, the general purposes of the work: but the true artist will always contrive to tone them down in proper subjection to that _Beauty _which is the atmosphere and the real essence of the poem.
Mary had heard herself mentioned to Miss Bingley as the most accomplished girl in the neighbourhood; and Catherine and Lydia had been fortunate enough to be never without partners, which was all that they had yet learnt to care for at a ball.
N/A
Hatred and contempt hissed in her utterance of the word finances, but at the very moment she gently stroked the cat reposing in her arms.
At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago. One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
He was a boy of about fifteen.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
She forbade her wearing cotton caps, taught her to address her in the third person, to bring a glass of water on a plate, to knock before coming into a room, to iron, starch, and to dress her wanted to make a lady’s-maid of her.
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
Nutty has gone for a walk.
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined for life—to strengthen each other in all labour, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
N/A
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward. There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
Your bedroom is all ready, and to-morrow you shall sleep as late as you will.
One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
Only two commentators seem to favour this interpretation, but it fits well into the logic of the context, whereas the rendering, He who does not know the evils of war can not appreciate its benefits, is distinctly pointless.
His love and care never tire or change, can never be taken from you, but may become the source of lifelong peace, happiness, and strength.
Pink and cream are the motifs of the room, but the only article of furniture in full view is a luxurious dressing-table with a glass top and a three-sided mirror.
The pupils ate apples and put straws down one another’s backs, until Mr. Wopsle’s great-aunt collected her energies, and made an indiscriminate totter at them with a birch-rod.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
The truly healthy man doesn’t know he has a soul.
In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagvat Geeta, since whose composition years of the gods have elapsed, and in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial; and I doubt if that philosophy is not to be referred to a previous state of existence, so remote is its sublimity from our conceptions.
Men at some time are masters of their fates: The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, But in ourselves, that we are underlings.
—The world believes that Shakespeare made a mistake, he said, and got out of it as quickly and as best he could.
All have been, or at least all have believed themselves to be, in danger from the pursuit of someone whom they wished to avoid; and all have been anxious for the attentions of someone whom they wished to please.
Where my Friend lives there are all riches and every attraction, and no slight obstacle can keep me from him.
They would have to be passed through a powerful press first, to squeeze their old notions out of them, so that they would not soon get upon their legs again, and then there would be some one in the company with a maggot in his head, hatched from an egg deposited there nobody knows when, for not even fire kills these things, and you would have lost your labor.
He answered gently: I understand.
Perhaps we should never procure a new suit, however ragged or dirty the old, until we have so conducted, so enterprised or sailed in some way, that we feel like new men in the old, and that to retain it would be like keeping new wine in old bottles.
Their good woman is a queer thing, half doll, half angel; their bad woman almost always a fiend.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
You are a story I am a story.
I’m afraid I shall do something dreadful some day, and spoil my life, and make everybody hate me.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
It was opened by another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their heads.
Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master.
People over forty can seldom be permanently convinced of anything.
Let the dead bury their dead, but while one has life one must live and be happy! thought he.
There is nothing that ought so much to be recommended to youth as activity and vigilance our life is nothing but movement. I bestir myself with great difficulty, and am slow in everything, whether in rising, going to bed, or eating: seven of the clock in the morning is early for me, and where I rule, I never dine before eleven, nor sup till after six.
But I am inclined to think neither.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
At the present moment I am eating muffins because I am unhappy.
In England people have had two eyes for more than two hundred years; the French are starting to open one eye; but sometimes there are men in power who do not want the people to have even this one eye open.
For you yourself, sir, should be old as I am, if like a crab you could go backward.
To gallop intemperately; fall on the sand tired out; to feel the earth spin; to have positively a rush of friendship for stones and grasses, as if humanity were over, and as for men and women, let them go hang there is no getting over the fact that this desire seizes us pretty often.
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
There is—I repeat it—a difference; and it is a good, and not a bad action to mark broadly and clearly the line of separation between them.
He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.
A new world, material without being real, where poor ghosts, breathing dreams like air, drifted fortuitously about … like that ashen, fantastic figure gliding toward him through the amorphous trees.
Still, to start on a brisk walk, and on such an errand as hers, on a dry clear wintry morning, through the rarefied air of these chalky hogs’-backs, was not depressing; and there is no doubt that her dream at starting was to win the heart of her mother-in-law, tell her whole history to that lady, enlist her on her side, and so gain back the truant.
He bolts down all events, all creeds, and beliefs, and persuasions, all hard things visible and invisible, never mind how knobby; as an ostrich of potent digestion gobbles down bullets and gun flints.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
Remember, my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker.
My spirits grow dull, and fain I would beguile The tedious day with sleep.
You never speak to God; you address a fellow-man, full of his own tempers; and to tell truth, rightly understood; is not to state the true facts, but to convey a true impression; truth in spirit, not truth to letter, is the true veracity.
Let me take your things.
For there is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it.
_Note._ The reason Milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of Angels and God, and at liberty when of Devils and Hell, is because he was a true poet, and of the Devil's party without knowing it.
If Judas go forth tonight it is to Judas his steps will tend._ Every life is many days, day after day. We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves.
Even a fair table may become a pulpit, if it can offer the good and helpful words which are never out of season.
When your youth goes, your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover that there are no triumphs left for you, or have to content yourself with those mean triumphs that the memory of your past will make more bitter than defeats.
She took me up to a spotless chintz-hung bedroom, hoped I had everything I wanted, informed me that tea would be ready in about a quarter of an hour, and left me to my own devices.
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again. Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered Listen, a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
Waiving that point, however, and supposing her to be, as you describe her, only pretty and good-natured, let me tell you, that in the degree she possesses them, they are not trivial recommendations to the world in general, for she is, in fact, a beautiful girl, and must be thought so by ninety-nine people out of an hundred; and till it appears that men are much more philosophic on the subject of beauty than they are generally supposed; till they do fall in love with well-informed minds instead of handsome faces, a girl, with such loveliness as Harriet, has a certainty of being admired and sought after, of having the power of chusing from among many, consequently a claim to be nice.
The last hours were certainly very painful, replied Anne; but when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
To the best bride-bed will we, Which by us shall blessed be; And the issue there create Ever shall be fortunate.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
I think of you as the most beautiful, the truest thing in the world, he continued, filled with a sense of exaltation, and feeling that he had no need now to choose his words with pedantic accuracy, for what he wanted to say was suddenly become plain to him.
But I’m married, and believe me, in getting to know thoroughly one’s wife, if one loves her, as someone has said, one gets to know all women better than if one knew thousands of them.
Good afternoon, dear Algernon, I hope you are behaving very well.
In a wild panic he backed out of a fight with a boy his own size, to a chorus of scorn, and a week later, in desperation, picked a battle with another boy very much bigger, from which he emerged badly beaten, but rather proud of himself.
In all things connected with money I have had a luck so extraordinary that sometimes it has made me almost afraid.
Every lingering struggle in his favour grew fainter and fainter; and in farther justification of Mr. Darcy, she could not but allow that Mr. Bingley, when questioned by Jane, had long ago asserted his blamelessness in the affair; that proud and repulsive as were his manners, she had never, in the whole course of their acquaintance—an acquaintance which had latterly brought them much together, and given her a sort of intimacy with his ways—seen anything that betrayed him to be unprincipled or unjust—anything that spoke him of irreligious or immoral habits; that among his own connections he was esteemed and valued—that even Wickham had allowed him merit as a brother, and that she had often heard him speak so affectionately of his sister as to prove him capable of some amiable feeling; that had his actions been what Mr. Wickham represented them, so gross a violation of everything right could hardly have been concealed from the world; and that friendship between a person capable of it, and such an amiable man as Mr. Bingley, was incomprehensible.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
You can slip in from the shrubbery at any time; and there you will find we keep our umbrellas hanging up by that door.
N/A
Beautiful was the world, colourful was the world, strange and mysterious was the world! Here was blue, here was yellow, here was green, the sky and the river flowed, the forest and the mountains were rigid, all of it was beautiful, all of it was mysterious and magical, and in its midst was he, Siddhartha, the awakening one, on the path to himself.
For a time she had no accurate sense of her whereabouts or of the events of the day before, or the day before that; then, like a suspended pendulum, memory began to beat out its story, releasing with each swing a burdened quota of time until her life was given back to her.
If I did not feel this, and know, besides, that a changed behaviour in one she loved would break her heart, I should not feel my task so difficult of performance, or have to encounter so many struggles in my own bosom, when I take what seems to me to be the strict line of duty.
'3 Jeeves and the Unbidden Guest I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare or, if not, it's some equally brainy bird who says that it's always just when a fellow is feeling particularly braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with the bit of lead piping.
It isn't in that it tries to make life less so.
If he is in love, he _loves_; if he is in heaven, he _enjoys_; if he is in hell, he _suffers_.
He strode away.
Well, I went near enough to it by letting the young fool there believe anything he liked to imagine as to my influence in Europe.
It was only to say, —Bring it back when you have read it; and don’t breathe a word of what it tells you to any living being.
I wanted to ask you before, but I could never bring myself to it.
Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life become a beautiful success, in spite of poverty.
If that activity displeases somebody, this is only because it does not agree with his limited understanding of what is good.
We think that we are generous because we credit our neighbour with the possession of those virtues that are likely to be a benefit to us.
Oh, it’s always the same, she sighed, if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it.
But new struck nine.
You are determined to ruin him in the opinion of all his friends, and make him the contempt of the world.
N/A
N/A
said Candide, it is the madness of maintaining that everything is right when it is wrong.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
These things seem small and undistinguishable, Like far-off mountains turned into clouds.
I love a soul not all of wood, Predestinated to be good, But true to the backbone Unto itself alone, And false to none; Born to its own affairs, Its own joys and own cares; By whom the work which God begun Is finished, and not undone; Taken up where he left off, Whether to worship or to scoff; If not good, why then evil, If not good god, good devil.
Had it been the effect of gratitude, had he learnt to love her, because he believed her to be preferring him, it would have been another thing.
He did, my gracious lord, begin that place, Which, since, succeeding ages have re-edified.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
Yes; I am a supercargo; pen, ink, and paper are my tools, and without my tools I am fit for nothing.
He sends over a selection of things at the beginning of each season, spring and fall.
His situation, in fact, seemed, materially speaking, no more brilliant than Ned Winsett's; but he had lived in a world in which, as he said, no one who loved ideas need hunger mentally.
Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
Men can be analysed, women.
You know nothing about sickness, and think your case a great deal more desperate than it is.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
DUCHESS'T is so, and the moral of that is Oh,'t is love,'t is love, that makes the world go round! ALICE Somebody said, that it's done by everybody minding their own business.
In the midst of this chopping sea of civilized life, such are the clouds and storms and quicksands and thousand-and-one items to be allowed for, that a man has to live, if he would not founder and go to the bottom and not make his port at all, by dead reckoning, and he must be a great calculator indeed who succeeds.
But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be observed in them for ever.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
She joined a group of little ones who were playing in a corner.
Sixteen hours of the day must be occupied in some way, since they were living abroad in complete freedom, outside the conditions of social life which filled up time in Petersburg.
If the marriage ceremony consisted in an oath and signed contract between the parties to cease loving from that day forward, in consideration of personal possession being given, and to avoid each other’s society as much as possible in public, there would be more loving couples than there are now.
In the hour of my death, I shall hold sacred the one good remembrance and shall thank and bless you for it that my last avowal of myself was made to you, and that my name, and faults, and miseries were gently carried in your heart.
N/A
Margaret, you could save this woman.
Oak had nothing finished and ready to say as yet, and not being able to frame love phrases which end where they begin; passionate tales— —Full of sound and fury, —Signifying nothing— he said no word at all.
It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the`Living Infinite,'as one of your poets has said.
We are grateful when we are reminded by interior evidence of the permanence of universal laws; for our faith is but faintly remembered, indeed, is not a remembered assurance, but a use and enjoyment of knowledge. It is when we do not have to believe, but come into actual contact with Truth, and are related to her in the most direct and intimate way.
But in real life we do not die when all that makes life bright dies to us.
No, replied Jane, I have not forgotten him; but I have nothing satisfactory to tell you.
I can't remember things before they happen.
Well, we must make the best of it, I suppose.
It is most fortunate that you were not thought of at the time.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
I try all things; I achieve what I can.
Well to-morrow.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
For the most wild, yet most homely narrative which I am about to pen, I neither expect nor solicit belief.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
It is a peculiarity of the Cafe Britannique that you will always find flies there, even in winter.
It appears from what follows that Sun Tzŭ means by Moral Law a principle of harmony, not unlike the Tao of Lao Tzŭ in its moral aspect.
In matters of grave importance, style, not sincerity is the vital thing.
N/A
No, no; it shall not do either; I am not afraid.
Go, some of you, And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
So damned hard, so damned hard, he repeated aimlessly; it just hurts people and hurts people, until finally it hurts them so that they can't be hurt ever any more.
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free.
Her final summer was it, And yet we guessed it not; If tenderer industriousness Pervaded her, we thought A further force of life Developed from within, When Death lit all the shortness up, And made the hurry plain.
Because if you care much about riches, you will never go and marry a poor man, said Jo, frowning at Laurie, who was mutely warning her to mind what she said.
That monster custom, who all sense doth eat, Of habits evil, is angel yet in this, That to the use of actions fair and good He likewise gives a frock or livery That aptly is put on.
He meant that we shall have an open mind, and not let a little bit of truth check the rush of a big truth, like a small rock does a railway truck.
Who praised me when I learnt my lesson?
I want to live where things happen on a big scale.
He had meant everything to turn out differently; and others had thrust themselves into his life and thwarted his purposes.
I AM BORN Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
But pride—where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
Flanagan said he was in love with a girl, but Clutton’s austere countenance did not suggest passion; and Philip thought it more probable that he separated himself from his friends so that he might grow clear with the new ideas which were in him.
The rain cooled about half-past three to a damp mist, through which occasional thin drops swam like dew.
It is one of those little blue velvet ones that are all the rage, with gold cord and tassels.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.
I do not laugh at your oaths
They had never been closer in their month of love, nor communicated more profoundly one with another, than when she brushed silent lips against his coat’s shoulder or when he touched the end of her fingers, gently, as though she were asleep.
CHAPTER XIII.
It takes place in an impalpable greyness, with nothing underfoot, with nothing around, without spectators, without clamour, without glory, without the great desire of victory, without the great fear of defeat, in a sickly atmosphere of tepid scepticism, without much belief in your own right, and still less in that of your adversary.
Imagine my surprise, nay, my consternation, when without moving from his privacy, Bartleby in a singularly mild, firm voice, replied, I would prefer not to.
He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again. Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered Listen, a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
We're like patterns stencilled on a wall.
If there is one person I dislike, it is the man who tries to air his grievances when I wish to air mine.
But if you are conscious yourself of even the smallest foundation for them, then I beg you to think a little, and if your heart prompts you, to speak out to me.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove: A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth.
The bird put his tiny head on one side and looked up at him with his soft bright eye which was like a black dewdrop.
There are circumstances in which, whether you partake of the tea or not some people of course never do, the situation is in itself delightful.
He saw nature—he saw books through me; and never did I weary of gazing for his behalf, and of putting into words the effect of field, tree, town, river, cloud, sunbeam—of the landscape before us; of the weather round us—and impressing by sound on his ear what light could no longer stamp on his eye.
_Aside._ A little more than kin, and less than kind.
He whose face gives no light shall never become a star.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
Holding up his hands in a last prayer to have his fate reversed, he saw an alteration in the Phantom's hood and dress.
There were few people on whose secrecy she would have more confidently depended; but, at the same time, there was no one whose knowledge of a sister’s frailty would have mortified her so much—not, however, from any fear of disadvantage from it individually to herself, for, at any rate, there seemed a gulf impassable between them.
But thou wilt love her dearly, as I do, and wilt advise me how to deal with her.
CXXVII In the old age black was not counted fair, Or if it were, it bore not beauty’s name; But now is black beauty’s successive heir, And beauty slander’d with a bastard shame: For since each hand hath put on Nature’s power, Fairing the foul with Art’s false borrowed face, Sweet beauty hath no name, no holy bower, But is profan’d, if not lives in disgrace. Therefore my mistress’eyes are raven black, Her eyes so suited, and they mourners seem At such who, not born fair, no beauty lack, Sland’ring creation with a false esteem: Yet so they mourn becoming of their woe, That every tongue says beauty should look so. CXXVIII How oft when thou, my music, music play’st, Upon that blessed wood whose motion sounds With thy sweet fingers when thou gently sway’st The wiry concord that mine ear confounds, Do I envy those jacks that nimble leap, To kiss the tender inward of thy hand, Whilst my poor lips which should that harvest reap, At the wood’s boldness by thee blushing stand! To be so tickled, they would change their state And situation with those dancing chips, O’er whom thy fingers walk with gentle gait, Making dead wood more bless’d than living lips.
There is—I repeat it—a difference; and it is a good, and not a bad action to mark broadly and clearly the line of separation between them.
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
Darya Alexandrovna wanted to express her thoughts of the morning, but for some reason it seemed to her now out of place to do so.
Then my sole relief was to walk along the corridor of the third storey, backwards and forwards, safe in the silence and solitude of the spot, and allow my mind’s eye to dwell on whatever bright visions rose before it—and, certainly, they were many and glowing; to let my heart be heaved by the exultant movement, which, while it swelled it in trouble, expanded it with life; and, best of all, to open my inward ear to a tale that was never ended—a tale my imagination created, and narrated continuously; quickened with all of incident, life, fire, feeling, that I desired and had not in my actual existence.
On the wings of the wind, replied the Ghost.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
No man is offended by another man’s admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.
I never change, except in my affections.
Love, she thought, must come suddenly, with great outbursts and lightnings a hurricane of the skies, which falls upon life, revolutionises it, roots up the will like a leaf, and sweeps the whole heart into the abyss.
If you will have the kindness to hold the lamp for me, we shall now extend our researches to the room above, —the secret room in which the treasure was found.
It was parting with somebody of the nature of a friend; and though, in one light, glad to have him gone, it seemed as if she was now deserted by everybody; it was a sort of renewed separation from Mansfield; and she could not think of his returning to town, and being frequently with Mary and Edmund, without feelings so near akin to envy as made her hate herself for having them.
We had a very pleasant day, though we were all in a tender state about our approaching separation.
She did not seem to have a thought of fear.
Some people imagine that there can be no accommodations, no space in a cottage; but this is all a mistake.
If it appears to you at all incredible that young ladies should be led on to talk confidentially in a situation of this kind, I will beg you to remember that human life furnishes many exceptional cases.
There are distinct social possibilities in Miss Cardew’s profile.
Sadly, sadly, the sun rose; it rose upon no sadder sight than the man of good abilities and good emotions, incapable of their directed exercise, incapable of his own help and his own happiness, sensible of the blight on him, and resigning himself to let it eat him away.
I wish to goodness we had a few fools left.
I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.
Men of sense, whatever you may chuse to say, do not want silly wives.
I guess it worked everyone says they sold a whole butt-load of games.
There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us.
He wouldn't catch anybody else.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
You do not believe that I can become any better—worth anything—worthy enough—I shall always be too wicked to— The voice broke off helpless.
Had you not been really amiable, you would have hated me for it; but in spite of the pains you took to disguise yourself, your feelings were always noble and just; and in your heart, you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously courted you.
Blinking away the brightness of the street outside, my eyes picked him out obscurely in the anteroom, talking to another man.
I wonder whereabouts they will upset to-day.
resuming in the same gentle voice, ignoring her mother's bad taste Mamma knows that she is not strong enough to bear the whole responsibility for me and Rhoda without some help and advice.
And, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss A dateless bargain to engrossing death.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
It doesn't mean anything especially.
You filled me with a wild desire to know everything about life.
But death is never a shame.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
Sin is a thing that writes itself across a man’s face.
Men always croak when they are hungry, and Jo whisked out at the front door after that.
Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself? For as this appalling ocean surrounds the verdant land, so in the soul of man there lies one insular Tahiti, full of peace and joy, but encompassed by all the horrors of the half known life.
Perhaps we should never procure a new suit, however ragged or dirty the old, until we have so conducted, so enterprised or sailed in some way, that we feel like new men in the old, and that to retain it would be like keeping new wine in old bottles.
We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
I like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness—and I dread responsibility.
N/A
All you read a novel for is to see what sort of person the writer is, and, if you know him, which of his friends he’s put in.
He felt that the love that bound him to Anna was not a momentary impulse, which would pass, as worldly intrigues do pass, leaving no other traces in the life of either but pleasant or unpleasant memories. He felt all the torture of his own and her position, all the difficulty there was for them, conspicuous as they were in the eye of all the world, in concealing their love, in lying and deceiving; and in lying, deceiving, feigning, and continually thinking of others, when the passion that united them was so intense that they were both oblivious of everything else but their love.
Ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him, and he shall seek thy love.
I shall do one thing in this life—one thing certain—that is, love you, and long for you, and _keep wanting you_ till I die.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
He is some brainless beautiful creature who should be always here in winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer when we want something to chill our intelligence.
But my body was like a harp and her words and gestures were like fingers running upon the wires.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
_ She is our great sweet mother.
When a thing is funny, search it for a hidden truth.
This is nothing, cried she: I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
I wasn’t meant for a life like this, and I know I shall break away and do something desperate if somebody doesn’t come and help me, she said to herself, when her first efforts failed and she fell into the moody, miserable state of mind which often comes when strong wills have to yield to the inevitable.
Well, my first point is that through a mixture of conditions of which the family is the first, there are these two sorts of brains.
Who never lost, are unprepared A coronet to find; Who never thirsted, flagons And cooling tamarind.
You have lived since then.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t! _Pros._’Tis new to thee.
N/A
He knew how grossly deceived I was in thinking that you were in love with me, because he knew that you were incapable of loving anyone but yourself.
N/A
There lies that Tybalt.
The pupils ate apples and put straws down one another’s backs, until Mr. Wopsle’s great-aunt collected her energies, and made an indiscriminate totter at them with a birch-rod.
I mean to be too rich to lament or to feel anything of the sort.
The happiness which this reply produced, was such as he had probably never felt before; and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as warmly as a man violently in love can be supposed to do.
It is not a passionate quarrel that would have broken my heart; it is the steady opposition and persistence in going wrong that he has shown.
Well, we must make the best of it, I suppose.
You dare not, you can not deny, that you have been the principal, if not the only means of dividing them from each other—of exposing one to the censure of the world for caprice and instability, and the other to its derision for disappointed hopes, and involving them both in misery of the acutest kind.
We’ll have happy times, for I don’t suffer much, and I think the tide will go out easily, if you help me.
Whether former feelings were to be renewed must be brought to the proof; former times must undoubtedly be brought to the recollection of each; they could not but be reverted to; the year of their engagement could not but be named by him, in the little narratives or descriptions which conversation called forth.
It follows, therefore, that the happiness of any given life is to be measured, not by its joys and pleasures, but by the extent to which it has been free from suffering from positive evil.
because they have damn bad cakes.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
You seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.
Why, once.
how I feel you, fathomless, stirring, preparing unprecedented waves and storms.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
But he says the biography of every woman begins with the first kiss that counts, and ends when her last child is laid in her arms.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
The sanguine hope of good, however, which the benevolence of her heart suggested had not yet deserted her; she still expected that it would all end well, and that every morning would bring some letter, either from Lydia or her father, to explain their proceedings, and, perhaps, announce their marriage.
Such tricks hath strong imagination, That if it would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
He saw nature—he saw books through me; and never did I weary of gazing for his behalf, and of putting into words the effect of field, tree, town, river, cloud, sunbeam—of the landscape before us; of the weather round us—and impressing by sound on his ear what light could no longer stamp on his eye.
trickle, slow drops, Candid from me falling, drip, bleeding drops, From wounds made to free you whence you were prison’d, From my face, from my forehead and lips, From my breast, from within where I was conceal’d, press forth red drops, confession drops, Stain every page, stain every song I sing, every word I say, bloody drops, Let them know your scarlet heat, let them glisten, Saturate them with yourself all ashamed and wet, Glow upon all I have written or shall write, bleeding drops, Let it all be seen in your light, blushing drops.
THE ADVENTURE OF THE COPPER BEECHES To the man who loves art for its own sake, remarked Sherlock Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of _The Daily Telegraph_, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived. It is pleasant to me to observe, Watson, that you have so far grasped this truth that in these little records of our cases which you have been good enough to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many _causes celebres_ and sensational trials in which I have figured but rather to those incidents which may have been trivial in themselves, but which have given room for those faculties of deduction and of logical synthesis which I have made my special province.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
It is all the same Way and it leads nowhither.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
I often think that you have ruined your whole life for me.
It was the same with Cronshaw: it was quite unimportant that he had lived; he was dead and forgotten, his book of poems sold in remainder by second-hand booksellers; his life seemed to have served nothing except to give a pushing journalist occasion to write an article in a review.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
Fortune I do not want; employment I do not want; consequence I do not want: I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their husband’s house as I am of Hartfield; and never, never could I expect to be so truly beloved and important; so always first and always right in any man’s eyes as I am in my father’s.
We had carried Kurtz into the pilot-house: there was more air there.
N/A
Every lingering struggle in his favour grew fainter and fainter; and in farther justification of Mr. Darcy, she could not but allow that Mr. Bingley, when questioned by Jane, had long ago asserted his blamelessness in the affair; that proud and repulsive as were his manners, she had never, in the whole course of their acquaintance—an acquaintance which had latterly brought them much together, and given her a sort of intimacy with his ways—seen anything that betrayed him to be unprincipled or unjust—anything that spoke him of irreligious or immoral habits; that among his own connections he was esteemed and valued—that even Wickham had allowed him merit as a brother, and that she had often heard him speak so affectionately of his sister as to prove him capable of some amiable feeling; that had his actions been what Mr. Wickham represented them, so gross a violation of everything right could hardly have been concealed from the world; and that friendship between a person capable of it, and such an amiable man as Mr. Bingley, was incomprehensible.
It puzzled K., at least it puzzled him looking at it from the policemen's point of view, that they had made him go into the room and left him alone there, where he had ten different ways of killing himself.
He watched it with that strange interest in trivial things that we try to develop when things of high import make us afraid, or when we are stirred by some new emotion for which we can not find expression, or when some thought that terrifies us lays sudden siege to the brain and calls on us to yield.
It is hard to forgive, and to look at those eyes, and feel those wasted hands, he answered.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
Venture not to complain that such an object is too selfish, too limited, and lacks interest; be content to labour for independence until you have proved, by winning that prize, your right to look higher.
Perhaps there is a language which is not made of words and everything in the world understands it.
Nor is there anything more remarkable in Socrates than that, old as he was, he found time to make himself taught dancing and playing upon instruments, and thought it time well spent.
Every woman is a rebel, and usually in wild revolt against herself.
I keep science for Life.
The true harvest of my daily life is somewhat as intangible and indescribable as the tints of morning or evening.
She speaks much of her father; says she hears There’s tricks i’th’world, and hems, and beats her heart, Spurns enviously at straws, speaks things in doubt, That carry but half sense.
Well, he wasn’t always a butler; he used to be the silver polisher for some people in New York that had a silver service for two hundred people.
But he never told anybody.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings. In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness.
When I first knew you I merely wanted you to love me.
After the earthquake had destroyed three-fourths of Lisbon, the sages of that country could think of no means more effectual to prevent utter ruin than to give the people a beautiful _auto-da-fe_6; for it had been decided by the University of Coimbra, that the burning of a few people alive by a slow fire, and with great ceremony, is an infallible secret to hinder the earth from quaking.
There are vague memories in our souls of those misty centuries when the world was in its childhood.
N/A
She carried within herself a great fund of life, and her deepest enjoyment was to feel the continuity between the movements of her own soul and the agitations of the world.
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
Why such is love’s transgression.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
For I have come, not from obscurity into the momentary notoriety of crime, but from a sort of eternity of fame to a sort of eternity of infamy, and sometimes seem to myself to have shown, if indeed it required showing, that between the famous and the infamous there is but one step, if as much as one.
If cowardice is all that's been holding me back there won't be any more holding back.
Man performs actions because they are good for him, and when they are good for other people as well they are thought virtuous: if he finds pleasure in giving alms he is charitable; if he finds pleasure in helping others he is benevolent; if he finds pleasure in working for society he is public-spirited; but it is for your private pleasure that you give twopence to a beggar as much as it is for my private pleasure that I drink another whiskey and soda.
A lioness hath whelped in the streets, And graves have yawn’d, and yielded up their dead; Fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol; The noise of battle hurtled in the air, Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan, And ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.
The good God fashioned her for a purpose, believe me, when He made that so good combination.
N/A
A lioness hath whelped in the streets, And graves have yawn’d, and yielded up their dead; Fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol; The noise of battle hurtled in the air, Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan, And ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.
Old father, old artificer, stand me now and ever in good stead.
Clearly they reflected the thoughts which possessed him, but whether the music aided those thoughts, or whether the playing was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine.
It was on the ninth of August, 1756, that I left cities, never to reside in them again: for I do not call a residence the few days I afterwards remained in Paris, London, or other cities, always on the wing, or contrary to my inclinations.
I can not deny it.
Solon was under a delusion when he said that a man when he grows old may learn many things—for he can no more learn much than he can run much; youth is the time for any extraordinary toil.
I will tell you this one tale more, and I have done; some of these people being beaten by him, sent to acknowledge him, and to treat with him of a peace, whose messengers carried him three sorts of gifts, which they presented in these terms: Behold, lord, here are five slaves: if thou art a furious god that feedeth upon flesh and blood, eat these, and we will bring thee more; if thou art an affable god, behold here incense and feathers; but if thou art a man, take these fowls and these fruits that we have brought thee.
She was assisted, however, by that perfect indifference and apparent unconsciousness, among the only three of her own friends in the secret of the past, which seemed almost to deny any recollection of it.
She was willing to do everything in the world for me except the one thing I wanted: to leave me alone.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
This has nothing to do with will-power; that’s a crazy, useless word, anyway; you lack judgment—the judgment to decide at once when you know your imagination will play you false, given half a chance.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
N/A
He wanted nothing less of Daisy than that she should go to Tom and say: I never loved you.
You are a lover, borrow Cupid’s wings, And soar with them above a common bound.
He would see mothers from English farms trudging along with their infants in their arms, when the child would be stricken with fever and would die; the mother would pause to dig a hole in the loose earth with her bare hands, would bury the babe therein with the same natural grave-tools, shed one tear, and again trudge on.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
And so I’m starting to believe that this knowledge has no worser enemy than the desire to know it, than learning.
Set him before me; let me see his face.
Iâm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visualâwe can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see.
The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast.
Have a little cry and say your prayers: that will make you comfortable.
His virtues are not real to him.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
Once in a while I go off on a spree and make a fool of myself, but I always come back, and in my heart I love her all the time.
We live in so different a part of town, all our connections are so different, and, as you well know, we go out so little, that it is very improbable that they should meet at all, unless he really comes to see her.
A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman’s love, however badly he may have treated her.
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
For love is young and dwells in soft places, not like Ate in Homer, walking on the skulls of men, but in their hearts and souls, which are soft enough. He is all flexibility and grace, and his habitation is among the flowers, and he can not do or suffer wrong; for all men serve and obey him of their own free will, and where there is love there is obedience, and where obedience, there is justice; for none can be wronged of his own free will
We must be ready for Dr. Van Helsing when he comes.
I knew that he was looking at me sideways, with a sardonic smile.
Scrooge asked the question, because he didn't know whether a ghost so transparent might find himself in a condition to take a chair; and felt that in the event of its being impossible, it might involve the necessity of an embarrassing explanation.
Did it very well, too, no doubt, and without thinking much about it either, except afterwards to brag of what he had gone through in his time, perhaps.
But alone, without any reference to his neighbours, without any interference, the artist can fashion a beautiful thing; and if he does not do it solely for his own pleasure, he is not an artist at all. And it is to be noted that it is the fact that Art is this intense form of Individualism that makes the public try to exercise over it in an authority that is as immoral as it is ridiculous, and as corrupting as it is contemptible.
The masses feel that drunkenness, stupidity, and immorality should be their own special property, and that if any one of us makes an ass of himself, he is poaching on their preserves.
All our arguing with him would not avail; let him be, I say: and Heaven have mercy on us all—Presbyterians and Pagans alike—for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending.
But in the will, that idea had sprung from the sinister suggestion of the man Hyde; it was set there with a purpose all too plain and horrible.
I can not say why I felt so wildly wretched: it must have been temporary derangement; for there is scarcely cause.
But, sirs, be sudden in the execution, Withal obdurate, do not hear him plead; For Clarence is well-spoken, and perhaps May move your hearts to pity, if you mark him.
To Prometheus the fetters of the lord and enemy of mankind were bitter; upon Orestes the hand of heaven was laid too heavily to bear; yet in the not utterly infinite or everlasting distance we see beyond them the promise of the morning on which mystery and justice shall be made one; when righteousness and omnipotence at last shall kiss each other.
She wishes to be free, and your bequest will make her free.
The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
No mockery in this world ever sounds to me so hollow as that of being told to _cultivate_ happiness.
Well, I went near enough to it by letting the young fool there believe anything he liked to imagine as to my influence in Europe.
Ay sir, to be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
It was going to be a hot day.
She’s going to stay there till the day after tomorrow, and then we’re going to move away.
Visitors I think that I love society as much as most, and am ready enough to fasten myself like a bloodsucker for the time to any full-blooded man that comes in my way.
Strength and beauty must go together.
I knew that to one whose soul is in the game as the professor's was, the agony of being just beaten in an important match exceeds in bitterness all other agonies.
Any simple soul can delude himself with mental garbage.
Thunder and Lightning.
I replied in the same language, with a feeble voice, I believe I am; but if it be all true, if indeed I did not dream, I am sorry that I am still alive to feel this misery and horror.
If a woman is fair and amiable, she is praised for both qualities, but especially the former, by the bulk of mankind: if, on the other hand, she is disagreeable in person and character, her plainness is commonly inveighed against as her greatest crime, because, to common observers, it gives the greatest offence; while, if she is plain and good, provided she is a person of retired manners and secluded life, no one ever knows of her goodness, except her immediate connections.
She carried within herself a great fund of life, and her deepest enjoyment was to feel the continuity between the movements of her own soul and the agitations of the world.
Look at that, she whispered, and then after a moment: I’d like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around.
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn’t love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
But I can give thee more, For I will raise her statue in pure gold, That whiles Verona by that name is known, There shall no figure at such rate be set As that of true and faithful Juliet.
A German is almost incapacitated for PRESTO in his language; consequently also, as may be reasonably inferred, for many of the most delightful and daring NUANCES of free, free-spirited thought.
Old age is dull of hearing.
To young Gatz, resting on his oars and looking up at the railed deck, that yacht represented all the beauty and glamour in the world.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
I am not sure that as a conscientious detective my first duty is not to arrest the whole household.
His heart beat with excitement at the pictures of mosques and rich palaces; but there was one, in a book on Constantinople, which peculiarly stirred his imagination.
to see sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight; to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear.
I had so much of my old heart left, as to be at first grieved by this evident dislike on the part of a creature which had once so loved me.
It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
There are bad people in it, Mr Richard, but if there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
She said the word often enough, and there could be no doubt that she meant to say it; but if the often repeated word had been hate instead of love—despair—revenge—dire death—it could not have sounded from her lips more like a curse.
We will repeat yesterday’s lesson.
I believe I am to have enough to live on for about eighteen months at any rate, so that if I may not write beautiful books, I may at least read beautiful books; and what joy can be greater? After that, I hope to be able to recreate my creative faculty.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Next instant, the heavy eye-splice in the rope’s final end flew out of the stark-empty tub, knocked down an oarsman, and smiting the sea, disappeared in its depths.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject.
I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity in strait-waistcoats.
Then my sole relief was to walk along the corridor of the third storey, backwards and forwards, safe in the silence and solitude of the spot, and allow my mind’s eye to dwell on whatever bright visions rose before it—and, certainly, they were many and glowing; to let my heart be heaved by the exultant movement, which, while it swelled it in trouble, expanded it with life; and, best of all, to open my inward ear to a tale that was never ended—a tale my imagination created, and narrated continuously; quickened with all of incident, life, fire, feeling, that I desired and had not in my actual existence.
A lioness hath whelped in the streets, And graves have yawn’d, and yielded up their dead; Fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol; The noise of battle hurtled in the air, Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan, And ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.
True, he had bid me make my own experiments—tease and try him.
He recalled her memory with ardent, tender love, and hopeful aspiring to the better world; where he doubted not she was gone.
I knew right away that there was the place I'd been looking for all my life.
But do you believe, said Candide, that the earth was originally a sea, as we find it asserted in that large book belonging to the captain? I do not believe a word of it, said Martin, any more than I do of the many ravings which have been published lately.
Mother says as th’two worst things as can happen to a child is never to have his own way—or always to have it.
Much better.
I believe he is of mine; —I am sure he is—I feel akin to him—I understand the language of his countenance and movements: though rank and wealth sever us widely, I have something in my brain and heart, in my blood and nerves, that assimilates me mentally to him.
You want to be free and extraordinary, in an extraordinary world of liberty.â Gerald looked at Birkin with subtle eyes of knowledge.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
If this life be not a real fight, in which something is eternally gained for the universe by success, it is no better than a game of private theatricals from which one may withdraw at will. But it _feels_ like a real fight, as if there were something really wild in the universe which we, with all our idealities and faithfulnesses, are needed to redeem; and first of all to redeem our own hearts from atheisms and fears.
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth—yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams.
I am entirely ignorant of the event you mention; I presume in general that they who meddle with the administration of public affairs die sometimes miserably, and that they deserve it; but I never trouble my head about what is transacting at Constantinople; I content myself with sending there for sale the fruits of the garden which I cultivate.
This is the end of the first stage of Pip’s expectations.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
Lily obeyed, and when she turned back into the room her father was sitting with both elbows on the table, the plate of salmon between them, and his head bowed on his hands.
Why should we build our happiness on the opinions of others, when we can find it in our own hearts? Let us leave to others the task of instructing mankind in their duty, and confine ourselves to the discharge of our own.
Then I feel, Harry, that I have given away my whole soul to some one who treats it as if it were a flower to put in his coat, a bit of decoration to charm his vanity, an ornament for a summer’s day.
The tears rose in his eyes, and there was a momentary choking in his throat; he said quite calmly: Little girl, you will never regret that true-hearted kindness, so long as ever you live! Then he went into the study to his friend.
At least, when the woman is rich and the lover is not, that which he can not offer she offers to herself; and although it is generally with her husband’s money that she procures herself this indulgence, the gratitude for it seldom reverts to him.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
There were passions in him that would find their terrible outlet, dreams that would make the shadow of their evil real.
When new beautiful thoughts began to push out the old hideous ones, life began to come back to him, his blood ran healthily through his veins and strength poured into him like a flood.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward. There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
Chapter 13 There are no conditions to which a man can not become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
No one can say a word of complaint against him, so just and generous and kind was he; and now, when he is gone, all find so much to love and praise and honor, that I am proud to have been his friend, and would rather leave my children the legacy he leaves his than the largest fortune ever made.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies—which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world—what I want to forget.
It is because you have not a mind large enough to see that there is anything better than your own conduct and your own petty aims.
The quality of mercy is not strained: it droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath: it is twice bless'd; It blesses him that gives, and him that takes:'T is mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown: His scepter shows the force of temporal power, The attribute to awe and majesty, Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings; But mercy is above this sceptered sway; It is enthroned in the hearts of kings; It is an attribute to God himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's, When mercy seasons justice.
Youth is like having a big plate of candy.
Given a decent start any girl can beat a man nowadays.
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
In the little world in which children have their existence whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.
But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called—called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come.
Sympathy is a strange thing; for though I never see you, the mere fact that you over there in New England are keenly interested in what I am doing and thinking, makes my own life in old England very much more interesting to me.
I was hurried away by fury; revenge alone endowed me with strength and composure; it moulded my feelings and allowed me to be calculating and calm at periods when otherwise delirium or death would have been my portion.
O, when she’s angry, she is keen and shrewd.
Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone.
It’s not too late for _you_, on any side, and you don’t strike me as in danger of missing the train; besides which people can be in general pretty well trusted, of course—with the clock of their freedom ticking as loud as it seems to do here—to keep an eye on the fleeting hour.
one’s duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
Midsummer Night's Dream I.
There was a blank silence.
But there is a fatality, a feeling so irresistible and inevitable that it has the force of doom, which almost invariably compels human beings to linger around and haunt, ghost-like, the spot where some great and marked event has given the color to their lifetime; and still the more irresistibly, the darker the tinge that saddens it.
One of these masters, Thayumanavar, has left us the following challenging poem: You can control a mad elephant; You can shut the mouth of the bear and the tiger; You can ride a lion; You can play with the cobra; By alchemy you can eke out your livelihood; You can wander through the universe incognito; You can make vassals of the gods; You can be ever youthful; You can walk on water and live in fire; But control of the mind is better and more difficult.
A mind of moderate capacity which closely pursues one study must infallibly arrive at great proficiency in that study; and I, who continually sought the attainment of one object of pursuit and was solely wrapped up in this, improved so rapidly that at the end of two years I made some discoveries in the improvement of some chemical instruments, which procured me great esteem and admiration at the university.
If you would understand me go to the heights or water-shore, The nearest gnat is an explanation, and a drop or motion of waves key, The maul, the oar, the hand-saw, second my words.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
Love is fragile she was thinking but perhaps the pieces are saved, the things that hovered on lips, that might have been said.
No one ever does, except vegetarians and people like that.
Now don’t be angry at my asking all these questions; because I am a mere dull man of business, and you are a woman of business.
It would have made me in love with love for the rest of my life.
It seems to me, so far as I can judge clearly at all, that my beauty should be used like that.
Better be with the dead, Whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy.
When I think of getting her into trouble, I who would give my life just to bring one smile to her dear face, it’s that that turns my soul into water.
She understood now that she could not go forth and leave her old self with him: that self must indeed live on in his presence, but it must still continue to be hers.
The morning, which is the most memorable season of the day, is the awakening hour.
We Britons had at that time particularly settled that it was treasonable to doubt our having and our being the best of everything: otherwise, while I was scared by the immensity of London, I think I might have had some faint doubts whether it was not rather ugly, crooked, narrow, and dirty.
We may brave human laws, but we can not resist natural ones.
The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones; So let it be with Caesar.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
Of yourself you could come with soft flight and nestle against my heart, if you would: seized against your will, you will elude the grasp like an essence—you will vanish ere I inhale your fragrance.
She did not think herself a genius by any means, but when the writing fit came on, she gave herself up to it with entire abandon, and led a blissful life, unconscious of want, care, or bad weather, while she sat safe and happy in an imaginary world, full of friends almost as real and dear to her as any in the flesh.
And whenever anyone speaks without bitterness, or rather quite innocently, of man as a belly with two requirements, and a head with one; whenever any one sees, seeks, and WANTS to see only hunger, sexual instinct, and vanity as the real and only motives of human actions; in short, when any one speaks badly and not even ill of man, then ought the lover of knowledge to hearken attentively and diligently; he ought, in general, to have an open ear wherever there is talk without indignation.
It’s nicer like this with things runnin’wild, an’swingin’an’catchin’hold of each other.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
Majesty: when a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
As a rule, said Holmes, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be.
The arc-light shining into his window seemed for this hour like the moon, only brighter and more beautiful than the moon.
Go, some of you, And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
The dread of something after death, Makes us rather bear those ills we have, Than fly to others we know not of.
It is not good for one’s morals to see bad acting.
A woman dictates before marriage in order that she may have an appetite for submission afterwards.
But vain to popularize profundities, and all truth is profound.
I only want to give these children a home in which they can be taught a few simple things which will help to make life less hard to them when they go out to fight their battles in the world.
May you always see a blue sky overhead, my young friend; and then, even when the time comes, which is coming now for me, when the woods are all black, when night is fast falling, you will be able to console yourself, as I am doing, by looking up to the sky.
I just need few words with someone of the same social standing as myself and everything will be incomparably clearer, much clearer than a long conversation with these two can make it.
There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.
Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not to be believed.
Therefore, no one thought of imagining that he cared more for her than for the others.
When the doctor came in she flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with tears.
It is essential for us; it will give us all we need: comfortable quarters and a speedy return to our country.
Why that chapter should be singled out, however, is not clear.
Kind gentlemen, your pains Are register’d where every day I turn The leaf to read them.—Let us toward the King.— Think upon what hath chanc’d; and at more time, The interim having weigh’d it, let us speak Our free hearts each to other.
Do you not think that there are things which you can not understand, and yet which are; that some people see things that others can not? But there are things old and new which must not be contemplate by men's eyes, because they know or think they know some things which other men have told them.
Her ladyship's temper caused a good deal of adverse comment among us.
It was brilliant moonlight, and the soft effect of the light over the sea and sky merged together in one great, silent mystery was beautiful beyond words.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
She is the fairies’midwife, and she comes In shape no bigger than an agate-stone On the fore-finger of an alderman, Drawn with a team of little atomies Over men’s noses as they lie asleep: Her waggon-spokes made of long spinners’legs; The cover, of the wings of grasshoppers; Her traces, of the smallest spider’s web; The collars, of the moonshine’s watery beams; Her whip of cricket’s bone; the lash, of film; Her waggoner, a small grey-coated gnat, Not half so big as a round little worm Prick’d from the lazy finger of a maid: Her chariot is an empty hazelnut, Made by the joiner squirrel or old grub, Time out o’mind the fairies’coachmakers. And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers’brains, and then they dream of love; O’er courtiers’knees, that dream on curtsies straight; O’er lawyers’fingers, who straight dream on fees; O’er ladies’lips, who straight on kisses dream, Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues, Because their breaths with sweetmeats tainted are: Sometime she gallops o’er a courtier’s nose, And then dreams he of smelling out a suit; And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig’s tail, Tickling a parson’s nose as a lies asleep, Then dreams he of another benefice: Sometime she driveth o’er a soldier’s neck, And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats, Of breaches, ambuscados, Spanish blades, Of healths five fathom deep; and then anon Drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes; And, being thus frighted, swears a prayer or two, And sleeps again.
Loud in the pines and cedars dim, Clear in the freshness moist and the swamp-perfume, And I with my comrades there in the night.
The world seemed to me finer because you were in it, and goodness more real because you lived.
It is because I know everything about his life, not because he knows anything about mine.
Princess Mary, in her position as absolute and independent arbiter of her own fate and guardian and instructor of her nephew, was the first to be called back to life from that realm of sorrow in which she had dwelt for the first fortnight.
Isn’t it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about? It just makes me feel glad to be alive it’s such an interesting world.
It may therefore be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion, but when I see a fellow creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character.
I had no thought that Mr. Trelawney would hear a word.
Even if he had undertaken that study, there is no more reason to suppose that he is a competent moralist than there is to suppose that I am a competent mathematician.
And the dead leaves lie huddled and still, No longer blown hither and thither; The last lone aster is gone; The flowers of the witch-hazel wither; The heart is still aching to seek, But the feet question Whither? Ah, when to the heart of man Was it ever less than a treason To go with the drift of things, To yield with a grace to reason, And bow and accept the end Of a love or a season? INTO MY OWN One of my wishes is that those dark trees, So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze, Were not, as'twere, the merest mask of gloom, But stretched away unto the edge of doom.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
Well, he wasn’t always a butler; he used to be the silver polisher for some people in New York that had a silver service for two hundred people.
—an honest and industrious farmer is one of the most useful members of society; and if I devote my talents to the cultivation of my farm, and the improvement of agriculture in general, I shall thereby benefit, not only my own immediate connections and dependants, but, in some degree, mankind at large: —hence I shall not have lived in vain.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas.
I don’t want any one to know.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
Never before, this has been seen so clearly; never before, this has been presented so irrefutably; truly, the heart of every Brahman has to beat stronger with love, once he has seen the world through your teachings perfectly connected, without gaps, clear as a crystal, not depending on chance, not depending on gods.
The unmistakable stigma of humanity touches all those impersonal and beautiful things that only youth ever grasps in their impersonal glory.
GRYPHON That's the reason they're called lessons, because they lessen from day to day.
It seems to me, that if you tried hard, you would in time find it possible to become what you yourself would approve; and that if from this day you began with resolution to correct your thoughts and actions, you would in a few years have laid up a new and stainless store of recollections, to which you might revert with pleasure.
No change, no degradation, no perversion of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread.
I can give them no attention any more.
Was he an animal if music could captivate him so? It seemed to him that he was being shown the way to the unknown nourishment he had been yearning for.
So please you, it is true.
XCIII So shall I live, supposing thou art true, Like a deceived husband; so love’s face May still seem love to me, though alter’d new; Thy looks with me, thy heart in other place: For there can live no hatred in thine eye, Therefore in that I can not know thy change. In many’s looks, the false heart’s history Is writ in moods, and frowns, and wrinkles strange. But heaven in thy creation did decree That in thy face sweet love should ever dwell; Whate’er thy thoughts, or thy heart’s workings be, Thy looks should nothing thence, but sweetness tell. How like Eve’s apple doth thy beauty grow, If thy sweet virtue answer not thy show! XCIV They that have power to hurt, and will do none, That do not do the thing they most do show, Who, moving others, are themselves as stone, Unmoved, cold, and to temptation slow; They rightly do inherit heaven’s graces, And husband nature’s riches from expense; They are the lords and owners of their faces, Others, but stewards of their excellence. The summer’s flower is to the summer sweet, Though to itself, it only live and die, But if that flower with base infection meet, The basest weed outbraves his dignity: For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds; Lilies that fester, smell far worse than weeds.
The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing can not be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already, without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him. The Christian doctrine is presented to the men of our world to-day as a doctrine which everyone has known so long and accepted so unhesitatingly in all its minutest details that it can not be understood in any other way than it is understood now.
She could no longer think of him by herself calmly and continuously as she had done before.
If I could be anything but a mistress, passionately caring for nothing but his caresses; but I can’t and I don’t care to be anything else.
Some things are really necessaries of life in some circles, the most helpless and diseased, which in others are luxuries merely, and in others still are entirely unknown.
Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow’s shadow.
This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate.
N/A
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
Men and women of equal culture, thrown together, are sure to be of a certain value to one another, more than men to men.
We feel, conceive, or reason; laugh or weep, Embrace fond woe, or cast our cares away; It is the same: for, be it joy or sorrow, The path of its departure still is free.
Therefore, thought I, what God says is best, indeed is best, though all the men in the world are against it.
We ought to have lived in mental communion, and no more.
No tear dropped over that pillow; in such straits as these, the heart has no tears to give, —it drops only blood, bleeding itself away in silence.
Placed on this isthmus of a middle state, A being darkly wise, and rudely great: With too much knowledge for the sceptic side, With too much weakness for the stoic's pride, He hangs between; in doubt to act, or rest; In doubt to deem himself a god, or beast; In doubt his mind or body to prefer; Born but to die, and reasoning but to err; Alike in ignorance, his reason such, Whether he thinks too little, or too much: Chaos of thought and passion, all confused; Still by himself abused, or disabused; Created half to rise, and half to fall; Great lord of all things, yet a prey to all; Sole judge of truth, in endless error hurled: The glory, jest, and riddle of the world! Go, wondrous creature! mount where science guides, Go, measure earth, weigh air, and state the tides; Instruct the planets in what orbs to run, Correct old time, and regulate the sun; Go, soar with Plato to th'empyreal sphere, To the first good, first perfect, and first fair; Or tread the mazy round his followers trod, And quitting sense call imitating God; As Eastern priests in giddy circles run, And turn their heads to imitate the sun.
Hence the saying: If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.
You lack the season of all natures, sleep.
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: _Burthen: _ Ding-dong.
I hail and caress truth in what quarter soever I find it, and cheerfully surrender myself, and open my conquered arms as far off as I can discover it; and, provided it be not too imperiously, take a pleasure in being reproved, and accommodate myself to my accusers, very often more by reason of civility than amendment, loving to gratify and nourish the liberty of admonition by my facility of submitting to it, and this even at my own expense. Nevertheless, it is hard to bring the men of my time to it: they have not the courage to correct, because they have not the courage to suffer themselves to be corrected; and speak always with dissimulation in the presence of one another: I take so great a pleasure in being judged and known, that it is almost indifferent to me in which of the two forms I am so: my imagination so often contradicts and condemns itself, that‘tis all one to me if another do it, especially considering that I give his reprehension no greater authority than I choose; but I break with him, who carries himself so high, as I know of one who repents his advice, if not believed, and takes it for an affront if it be not immediately followed.
Moments of their secret life together burst like stars upon his memory.
I want to be just to you, and to be that seems to be wronging myself, and perhaps it is breaking the commandments.
He took to a singular habit.
Behind the head of the bed, and concealed by a stone fitting in so closely as to defy all suspicion, was a hollow space, and in this space a ladder of cords between twenty-five and thirty feet in length.
Do not, for one repulse, forego the purpose That you resolved to effect.
What, drawn, and talk of peace? I hate the word As I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee: Have at thee, coward.
You might have got over a great quantity of ground in seven years, said Scrooge.
CHAPTER IX As we grow older and realize more clearly the limitations of human happiness, we come to see that the only real and abiding pleasure in life is to give pleasure to other people.
It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things.
I agree with you that this is a peculiar occasion—the country with a will of its own—political unions—that sort of thing—but we sometimes cut with rather too sharp a knife, Ladislaw.
It it makes me cry to think of it.
This was very pleasant; there is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.
There are some upon this earth of yours, returned the Spirit, who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name, who are as strange to us and all our kith and kin, as if they had never lived.
But it was destined to be resumed long before that hour, and in circumstances which gave me a shock hardly second to that caused by his spring to the door.
I beg your pardon, I am sorry, it was a slip of the tongue; but how can you expect one at such a moment to have no desire.
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had been.
Long before this time Weatherbury had been thoroughly aroused, and the wild deed which had terminated Boldwood’s merrymaking became known to all.
Everything is made out of Magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people.
That is rather difficult, but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty.
Homer has never yet been printed in English, nor Æschylus, nor Virgil even—works as refined, as solidly done, and as beautiful almost as the morning itself; for later writers, say what we will of their genius, have rarely, if ever, equalled the elaborate beauty and finish and the lifelong and heroic literary labors of the ancients.
Proud of my broken heart since thou didst break it, Proud of the pain I did not feel till thee, Proud of my night since thou with moons dost slake it, Not to partake thy passion, my humility.
What I ask of you is reasonable and moderate; I demand a creature of another sex, but as hideous as myself; the gratification is small, but it is all that I can receive, and it shall content me.
Duncan is in his grave; After life’s fitful fever he sleeps well; Treason has done his worst: nor steel, nor poison, Malice domestic, foreign levy, nothing Can touch him further.
Else it may be their miserable fortune, as it was Roger Chillingworth’s, when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities, to be reproached even for the calm content, the marble image of happiness, which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality.
That is the sole consideration which can make me endure the whelp: I despise him for himself, and hate him for the memories he revives! But that consideration is sufficient: he’s as safe with me, and shall be tended as carefully as your master tends his own.
It flashed like a bleached bone.
Be not her maid since she is envious; Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it; cast it off.
If I did not feel this, and know, besides, that a changed behaviour in one she loved would break her heart, I should not feel my task so difficult of performance, or have to encounter so many struggles in my own bosom, when I take what seems to me to be the strict line of duty.
I’m not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
Turn to any German book: you will not find the remotest trace of a realisation that there is such a thing as a technique, a plan of study, a will to mastery, in the matter of thinking, that thinking insists upon being learnt, just as dancing insists upon being learnt, and that thinking insists upon being learnt as a form of dancing.
Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises? If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
I thought of telling the prophet that art had a soul, but that man had not.
I want to get you away from that man.
Though near nightfall, the rank-smelling weed-flowers glowed as if they would not close for intentness, and the waves of colour mixed with the waves of sound.
With her his imagination ran riot and that is why they rode to the highest hill and watched an evil moon ride high, for they knew then that they could see the devil in each other.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
If I do have to leave the service then I must go into business in China, where I know people.
It was not splintered by the shock, but entirely reduced to thin ribbons of wood.
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
To Cecily.
The oldest hath borne most: we that are young Shall never see so much, nor live so long.
It’s mean and selfish of me, and whenever I think of it it worries me.
He is some brainless beautiful creature who should be always here in winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer when we want something to chill our intelligence.
The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to her, if she is pretty, and to some one else, if she is plain.
You, you are, you’re a great deal too good for me, and I’m so grateful to you, and so proud and fond of you, I don’t know why I can’t love you as you want me to.
N/A
You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first men in the South, and that there may be many who will not sleep easy at night until it is recovered.
nor can the dead ever be brought back to life.
N/A
It felt like it, too—choking, warm, stifling.
She was going away to fight, and she was going away forever.
N/A
And we can not be wrong in saying, first, that nothing can be greater or less while remaining equal; secondly, that there can be no becoming greater or less without addition or subtraction; thirdly, that what is and was not, can not be without having become.
Now and again the clumps of people raised the cheer of the gratefully oppressed.
Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence—whether much that is glorious—whether all that is profound—does not spring from disease of thought—from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Your present life is not less holy, in very truth, than it seems in people’s eyes.
My young remembrance can not parallel A fellow to it.
I used to think what a delight it would be for one who loved him better than he loved himself, to gather and store up those handfuls of gold-dust, so recklessly flung to heaven’s reckless winds.
Old maids, like the houseless and unemployed poor, should not ask for a place and an occupation in the world; the demand disturbs the happy and rich it disturbs parents.
But I don’t want to go among mad people, Alice remarked.
The truth of this will be sufficiently obvious if we only remember that man is a compound of needs and necessities hard to satisfy; and that even when they are satisfied, all he obtains is a state of painlessness, where nothing remains to him but abandonment to boredom. This is direct proof that existence has no real value in itself; for what is boredom but the feeling of the emptiness of life? If life the craving for which is the very essence of our being were possessed of any positive intrinsic value, there would be no such thing as boredom at all: mere existence would satisfy us in itself, and we should want for nothing. But as it is, we take no delight in existence except when we are struggling for something; and then distance and difficulties to be overcome make our goal look as though it would satisfy us an illusion which vanishes when we reach it; or else when we are occupied with some purely intellectual interest when in reality we have stepped forth from life to look upon it from the outside, much after the manner of spectators at a play.
But that he was not to be, without ignorance or prejudice, mistaken for a gentleman, my father most strongly asseverates; because it is a principle of his that no man who was not a true gentleman at heart ever was, since the world began, a true gentleman in manner.
When beneath its walls, I perceived decay had made progress, even in seven months: many a window showed black gaps deprived of glass; and slates jutted off, here and there, beyond the right line of the roof, to be gradually worked off in coming autumn storms.
He glanced at the sky, expecting to find there the cloud shell he had been admiring and taking as the symbol of the ideas and feelings of that night.
Stephen put the hat on his head.
VIII I couldn’t sleep all night; a foghorn was groaning incessantly on the Sound, and I tossed half-sick between grotesque reality and savage, frightening dreams.
’tis the first,’tis flattery in my seeing, And my great mind most kingly drinks it up: Mine eye well knows what with his gust is’greeing, And to his palate doth prepare the cup: If it be poison’d,’tis the lesser sin That mine eye loves it and doth first begin.
They see a whole they see all sorts of things they see themselves.
The forest has never so good a setting, nor is so distinctly beautiful, as when seen from the middle of a small lake amid hills which rise from the water’s edge; for the water in which it is reflected not only makes the best foreground in such a case, but, with its winding shore, the most natural and agreeable boundary to it.
We are a generous people but we must also be just.
Could whistle in his own ear.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
So delighted, says somebody, to meet you, and that is a lie.
Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
For I knew, now, that my own heart was undisciplined when it first loved Dora; and that if it had been disciplined, it never could have felt, when we were married, what it had felt in its secret experience.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
Some had beautiful eyes, others a beautiful nose, others a beautiful mouth and figure: few, if any, had all.
I find that, ultimately, there are only two kinds of women, the plain and the coloured.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
I hate careless people.
The world was to me a secret which I desired to divine.
The logic can not be refuted, but someone who wants to live will not resist it.
N/A
He consoled her desperately but in vain.
Memory, like a horrible malady, was eating his soul away.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
If you were coming in the fall, I'd brush the summer by With half a smile and half a spurn, As housewives do a fly.
It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
But at the time of life, tinged already with disenchantment, which Swann was approaching, when a man can content himself with being in love for the pleasure of loving without expecting too much in return, this linking of hearts, if it is no longer, as in early youth, the goal towards which love, of necessity, tends, still is bound to love by so strong an association of ideas that it may well become the cause of love if it presents itself first. In his younger days a man dreams of possessing the heart of the woman whom he loves; later, the feeling that he possesses the heart of a woman may be enough to make him fall in love with her. And so, at an age when it would appear since one seeks in love before everything else a subjective pleasure that the taste for feminine beauty must play the larger part in its procreation, love may come into being, love of the most physical order, without any foundation in desire.
She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that its light can be here on earth.
I have no opinion on that point, but I want you clearly to understand that there was nothing exactly profitable in these heads being there.
A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
We don’t go around very much, he said; in fact, I was just thinking I don’t know a soul here.
Perhaps there is a language which is not made of words and everything in the world understands it.
This is nothing, cried she: I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
SECOND SERVANT.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
There is no exquisite beauty, says Bacon, Lord Verulam, speaking truly of all the forms and _genera_ of beauty, without some _strangeness_ in the proportion.
There was a machine in the kitchen which could extract the juice of two hundred oranges in half an hour if a little button was pressed two hundred times by a butler’s thumb.
I still believed in people, loved them, and sacrificed myself.
This mis-shapen knave, His mother was a witch; and one so strong That could control the moon, make flows and ebbs, 270 And deal in her command, without her power.
The history of human knowledge has so uninterruptedly shown that to collateral, or incidental, or accidental events we are indebted for the most numerous and most valuable discoveries, that it has at length become necessary, in any prospective view of improvement, to make not only large, but the largest allowances for inventions that shall arise by chance, and quite out of the range of ordinary expectation.
There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people; but Mr. Henderland had their very speech upon his tongue.
You speak not as you think; it can not be.
A man who moralises is usually a hypocrite, and a woman who moralises is invariably plain.
You know you’ve always thought Isabel rather foreign.
_All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.
Man, do not pride yourself on superiority to the animals; they are without sin, and you, with your greatness, defile the earth by your appearance on it, and leave the traces of your foulness after you—alas, it is true of almost every one of us! Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and as it were to guide us.
The object of the artist is the creation of the beautiful.
But life is the great teacher.
Yet we say it is a matter of no importance at all.
They both laughed, and he knelt by the table to light the lamp under the kettle, while she measured out the tea into a little tea-pot of green glaze.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
It stops and gilds some inconsequential object, and we poor fools try to grasp it but when we do the sunbeam moves on to something else, and you've got the inconsequential part, but the glitter that made you want it is gone He broke off uneasily.
Indeed, the moment that an artist takes notice of what other people want, and tries to supply the demand, he ceases to be an artist, and becomes a dull or an amusing craftsman, an honest or a dishonest tradesman.
But I always liked side‐paths, little dark back‐alleys behind the main road—there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.
We must patiently suffer the laws of our condition; we are born to grow old, to grow weak, and to be sick, in despite of all medicine.‘Tis the first lesson the Mexicans teach their children; so soon as ever they are born they thus salute them: Thou art come into the world, child, to endure: endure, suffer, and say nothing.
I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wraps my existence about you, and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.
The girls never forgot that night, for no sleep came to them as they kept their watch, with that dreadful sense of powerlessness which comes to us in hours like those.
When we are harassed by sorrows or anxieties, or long oppressed by any powerful feelings which we must keep to ourselves, for which we can obtain and seek no sympathy from any living creature, and which yet we can not, or will not wholly crush, we often naturally seek relief in poetry—and often find it, too—whether in the effusions of others, which seem to harmonize with our existing case, or in our own attempts to give utterance to those thoughts and feelings in strains less musical, perchance, but more appropriate, and therefore more penetrating and sympathetic, and, for the time, more soothing, or more powerful to rouse and to unburden the oppressed and swollen heart.
When one has weighed the sun in the balance, and measured the steps of the moon, and mapped out the seven heavens star by star, there still remains oneself.
He had planted a great many potatoes, and his potatoes, as Levin had seen driving past, were already past flowering and beginning to die down, while Levin’s were only just coming into flower.
None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
At length he said in a low voice: She never asked me.
For all is vain, The pulse of the heart, the plot of the brain, That striveth beyond the laws that live.
N/A
He could not be as the saints and love the Infinite with a seraphic ardour, but he could be a little ashamed of loving a wife.
If it had grown up, she said to herself, it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes rather a handsome pig, I think.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it! Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is referable to this.
For the present I am free and am all right.
I have tried to keep an open mind; and it is not the ordinary things of life that could close it, but the strange things, the extraordinary things, the things that make one doubt if they be mad or sane.
Moreover, to him the affair was commonplace; it was just an hysterical woman who had quarrelled with her lover and taken poison; it was constantly happening.
I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone’s away.
Children, who play life, discern its true law and relations more clearly than men, who fail to live it worthily, but who think that they are wiser by experience, that is, by failure.
If then there are opponents when the social compact is made, their opposition does not invalidate the contract, but merely prevents them from being included in it.
I knew right away I made a mistake.
Therefore much drink may be said to be an equivocator with lechery: it makes him, and it mars him; it sets him on, and it takes him off; it persuades him, and disheartens him; makes him stand to, and not stand to; in conclusion, equivocates him in a sleep, and giving him the lie, leaves him.
In what census of living creatures, the dead of mankind are included; why it is that a universal proverb says of them, that they tell no tales, though containing more secrets than the Goodwin Sands; how it is that to his name who yesterday departed for the other world, we prefix so significant and infidel a word, and yet do not thus entitle him, if he but embarks for the remotest Indies of this living earth; why the Life Insurance Companies pay death-forfeitures upon immortals; in what eternal, unstirring paralysis, and deadly, hopeless trance, yet lies antique Adam who died sixty round centuries ago; how it is that we still refuse to be comforted for those who we nevertheless maintain are dwelling in unspeakable bliss; why all the living so strive to hush all the dead; wherefore but the rumor of a knocking in a tomb will terrify a whole city.
CECIL GRAHAM.
She joined a group of little ones who were playing in a corner.
It is of common knowledge that unusually strong men suffer more severely from ordinary sicknesses than do women or invalids.
I see by your eagerness and the wonder and hope which your eyes express, my friend, that you expect to be informed of the secret with which I am acquainted; that can not be; listen patiently until the end of my story, and you will easily perceive why I am reserved upon that subject.
He dashed his head against the knotted trunk; and, lifting up his eyes, howled, not like a man, but like a savage beast being goaded to death with knives and spears.
It takes place in an impalpable greyness, with nothing underfoot, with nothing around, without spectators, without clamour, without glory, without the great desire of victory, without the great fear of defeat, in a sickly atmosphere of tepid scepticism, without much belief in your own right, and still less in that of your adversary.
A happiness that often madness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of.
Sedately and gracefully they danced the steps of their selection in the balmy tea hours, accomplishing with a certain dignity the movements so horribly burlesqued by clerk and chorus girl the country over.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
