They had never been closer in their month of love, nor communicated more profoundly one with another, than when she brushed silent lips against his coat’s shoulder or when he touched the end of her fingers, gently, as though she were asleep.
XXIX When in disgrace with fortune and men’s eyes I all alone beweep my outcast state, And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, And look upon myself, and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featur’d like him, like him with friends possess’d, Desiring this man’s art, and that man’s scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; Yet in these thoughts my self almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven’s gate; For thy sweet love remember’d such wealth brings That then I scorn to change my state with kings.
Out, damned spot!
O brave new world, That has such people in’t!
A Clear Midnight This is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless, Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done, Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou lovest best, Night, sleep, death and the stars.
An unprotected childhood in a cold world has beaten gentleness out of me.
We are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that, with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say, they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual.
There's no beauty without poignancy and there's no poignancy without the feeling that it's going, men, names, books, houses bound for dust mortal A small boy appeared beside them and, swinging a handful of banana-peels, flung them valiantly in the direction of the Potomac.
And in spite of this he felt that then, when his love was stronger, he could, if he had greatly wished it, have torn that love out of his heart; but now, when as at that moment it seemed to him he felt no love for her, he knew that what bound him to her could not be broken.
Anna talked not merely naturally and cleverly, but cleverly and carelessly, attaching no value to her own ideas and giving great weight to the ideas of the person she was talking to.
I say, let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand; instead of a million count half a dozen, and keep your accounts on your thumb nail.
But real adventures, I reflected, do not happen to people who remain at home: they must be sought abroad.
Summer is only the unfulfilled promise of spring, a charlatan in place of the warm balmy nights I dream of in April.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
He had no further intercourse with Spirits, but lived upon the Total Abstinence Principle, ever afterwards; and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
It was much pleasanter at home, thought poor Alice, when one wasn’t always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and rabbits.
His life was gentle, and the elements So mix’d in him that Nature might stand up And say to all the world, This was a man!
I humbly entreat my Redeemer to give me strength to lead henceforth a purer life than I have done hitherto!
Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend.
Hatred, by a gradual and quiet process, will even be transformed to love, unless the change be impeded by a continually new irritation of the original feeling of hostility.
I’m five years too old to lie to myself and call it honour.
We have to resume it where we had left off, and there steals over us a terrible sense of the necessity for the continuance of energy in the same wearisome round of stereotyped habits, or a wild longing, it may be, that our eyelids might open some morning upon a world that had been refashioned anew in the darkness for our pleasure, a world in which things would have fresh shapes and colours, and be changed, or have other secrets, a world in which the past would have little or no place, or survive, at any rate, in no conscious form of obligation or regret, the remembrance even of joy having its bitterness and the memories of pleasure their pain.
His heart was like a sensitive plant, that opens for a moment in the sunshine, but curls up and shrinks into itself at the slightest touch of the finger, or the lightest breath of wind.
Ah, it is the fault of our science that it wants to explain all; and if it explain not, then it says there is nothing to explain.
Young students try to believe in older authors, constituents try to believe in their Congressmen, countries try to believe in their statesmen, but they _can’t_.
If her life were a simple rosary of hours, her life simple and strange as a bird’s life, gay in the morning, restless all day, tired at sundown?
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
Like all weak men he laid an exaggerated stress on not changing one’s mind.
To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely ordered variety on the chords of emotion—a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
She wanted—what some people want throughout life—a grief that should deeply touch her, and thus humanize and make her capable of sympathy.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
Chapter 9 Nothing is more painful to the human mind than, after the feelings have been worked up by a quick succession of events, the dead calmness of inaction and certainty which follows and deprives the soul both of hope and fear.
I have been very fortunate in worldly matters; many men have worked much harder, and not succeeded half so well; but I never could have done what I have done, without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one object at a time, no matter how quickly its successor should come upon its heels, which I then formed.
At his lips’touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.
The unwelcome November rain had perversely stolen the day’s last hour and pawned it with that ancient fence, the night.
Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Liberty, equality, fraternity, or death; the last, much the easiest to bestow, O Guillotine!
Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears!
I am a thousand times better: I am an honest woman, and as such I will be treated.
That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
I think.
If you can’t appreciate what you’ve got, you’d better get what you can appreciate.
Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
Into the manhood of the race: for I, for my own part, can not think that these latter days of weak experiment, fragmentary theory, and mutual discord are indeed man’s culminating time!
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
There is no sin so great as ignorance.
I hope, Cecily, I shall not offend you if I state quite frankly and openly that you seem to me to be in every way the visible personification of absolute perfection.
You seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.
Give me a moment, because I like to cry for joy.
The sun—the bright sun, that brings back, not light alone, but new life, and hope, and freshness to man—burst upon the crowded city in clear and radiant glory.
I stared at him and then at Tom, who had made a parallel discovery less than an hour before—and it occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.
I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now.
And, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss A dateless bargain to engrossing death.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
But then you come; and you're so much more than I remembered, and what I want of you is so much more than an hour or two every now and then, with wastes of thirsty waiting between, that I can sit perfectly still beside you, like this, with that other vision in my mind, just quietly trusting to it to come true.
I rather liked it, said Laurie, looking mischievous, a thing he had not done for a fortnight.
A quick temper, sharp tongue, and restless spirit were always getting her into scrapes, and her life was a series of ups and downs, which were both comic and pathetic.
‘Never,’said my aunt,‘be mean in anything; never be false; never be cruel.
Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others.
Hold to the now, the here, through which all future plunges to the past.
I love him better than myself, Ellen; and I know it by this: I pray every night that I may live after him; because I would rather be miserable than that he should be: that proves I love him better than myself.
I agree to the conditions, Angel; because you know best what my punishment ought to be; only—only—don’t make it more than I can bear!
There are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up.
Have read little and understood less.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
No doubt very few people understand the purely subjective nature of the phenomenon that we call love, or how it creates, so to speak, a fresh, a third, a supplementary person, distinct from the person whom the world knows by the same name, a person most of whose constituent elements are derived from ourself, the lover.
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
the racking thoughts that crowd upon the mind, and make the heart beat violently, and the breath come thick, by the force of the images they conjure up before it; the desperate anxiety _to be doing something_ to relieve the pain, or lessen the danger, which we have no power to alleviate; the sinking of soul and spirit, which the sad remembrance of our helplessness produces; what tortures can equal these; what reflections or endeavours can, in the full tide and fever of the time, allay them!
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
We are friends, said I, rising and bending over her, as she rose from the bench.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
If you wait for them to change you’ll never do anything.
I was sorry for her; I was amazed, disgusted at her heartless vanity; I wondered why so much beauty should be given to those who made so bad a use of it, and denied to some who would make it a benefit to both themselves and others.
Great results, he adds, can thus be achieved with small forces.
Everyone understands that this illogical reply is an irrefutable demonstration of freedom.
That is exactly what things were originally made for.
The last I saw of Count Dracula was his kissing his hand to me; with a red light of triumph in his eyes, and with a smile that Judas in hell might be proud of.
Her trust makes me faithful, her belief makes me good.
I don’t really know what a Gorgon is like, but I am quite sure that Lady Bracknell is one.
People disappeared, reappeared, made plans to go somewhere, and then lost each other, searched for each other, found each other a few feet away.
Blushing is the most peculiar and the most human of all expressions.
But only artists produce for each other the world that is fit to live in.
And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow’s eye, Steal me awhile from mine own company.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
The play’s the thing Wherein I’ll catch the conscience of the King.
Books must be read as deliberately and reservedly as they were written.
I have, as it were, my own sun and moon and stars, and a little world all to myself.
If you were asked to prove that two and two made four, you might find some difficulty, and yet you are quite sure of the fact.
What you have to do with your mind, when your body is miserable, is to make it think of something else.
Now I understood that the same road was to bring us together again.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
He remained in this state of empty and peaceful rumination until he heard the clock tower strike three in the morning.
Music seems to me to act like yawning or laughter; I have no desire to sleep, but I yawn when I see others yawn; with no reason to laugh, I laugh when I hear others laugh.
As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living.
I want some information from you.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
Cure her of that: Canst thou not minister to a mind diseas’d, Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, Raze out the written troubles of the brain, And with some sweet oblivious antidote Cleanse the stuff’d bosom of that perilous stuff Which weighs upon the heart?
He made me love him without looking at me.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
You have filled my tea with lumps of sugar, and though I asked most distinctly for bread and butter, you have given me cake.
Gwendolen, it is a terrible thing for a man to find out suddenly that all his life he has been speaking nothing but the truth.
It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night As a rich jewel in an Ethiop’s ear; Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear!
A sense of responsibility would spoil her.
He felt himself, and did not want to be anyone else.
On the contrary, Aunt Augusta, I’ve now realised for the first time in my life the vital Importance of Being Earnest.
The butter would probably get on my cuffs.
Oh, blameless people are always the most exasperating.
Thus, we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
She was a fool and he knew it and because he loved her it had made no difference to him.
Compare such words as ptarmigan, psalm, and phthisis.
There was nothing but land: not a country at all, but the material out of which countries are made.
Such are so keen that no future gratification of the same desire can ever obliterate them: they become registered as a permanent loss of happiness.
She was not an existence, an experience, a passion, a structure of sensations, to anybody but herself.
But nobody asked this rat if he wanted to be a rat when he was made.
Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes; and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous, God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters heaved the colossal orbs.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; The Wu State was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying.
Not having that which, having, makes them short.
Her husband's faith in her had made her renewal possible it is so easy for a woman to become what the man she loves believes her to be!
And Catherine has a heart as deep as I have: the sea could be as readily contained in that horse-trough as her whole affection be monopolised by him.
I know nothingnothing in the worldof the hearts of men.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
How well even little children understand that their parents conceal things from them, because they consider them too young to understand!
What they call their loyalty, and their fidelity, I call either the lethargy of custom or their lack of imagination.
It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself.
It is the spectator and not life that art really mirrors.
Jekyll had more than a father’s interest; Hyde had more than a son’s indifference.
There is no creature loves me; And if I die no soul will pity me: And wherefore should they, since that I myself Find in myself no pity to myself?
Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.
If you attain to perfect self‐forgetfulness in the love of your neighbor, then you will believe without doubt, and no doubt can possibly enter your soul.
We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
From old habit, unconsciously he thanked God that he no longer believed in Him.
I felt a clearing in my mind As if my brain had split; I tried to match it, seam by seam, But could not make them fit.
It is a beauty like that of kittens, or very small downy ducks making gentle rippling noises with their soft bills, or babies just beginning to toddle and to engage in conscious mischief—a beauty with which you can never be angry, but that you feel ready to crush for inability to comprehend the state of mind into which it throws you.
Jealousy is never satisfied with anything short of an omniscience that would detect the subtlest fold of the heart.
I was just a screw or a cog in the great machine I called life, and when I dropped out of it I found I was of no use anywhere else.
It frightened him to think what must have gone to the making of her eyes.
The Untold Want The untold want by life and land ne’er granted, Now voyager sail thou forth to seek and find.
I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is.
Reading is thinking with some one else's head instead of one's own.
She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
I suppose all great happiness is a little sad.
_When you wa-ake You shall ha-ave All the pretty little hawsiz_ Then, as though it had been waiting on a near-by roof for their arrival, the moon came slanting suddenly through the vines and turned the girl's face to the color of white roses.
Why do we call all our generous ideas illusions, and the mean ones truths?
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth—yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it!
Then, as if giving utterance to the process of his own thought, he said: —Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother’s love is not.
My education was neglected, yet I was passionately fond of reading.
Love is easily killed.
I never saw anybody take so long to dress, and with such little result.
Any mind that is capable of a _real sorrow_ is capable of good.
A toad, likewise, lives and feels, and is equally helpless and harmless; but though she would not hurt a toad, she can not love it like the bird, with its graceful form, soft feathers, and bright, speaking eyes.
Since my rebuff of yesterday I have a sort of empty feeling; nothing in the world seems of sufficient importance to be worth the doing.
Not that I humbled myself by a slavish notion of inferiority: on the contrary, I just said— You have nothing to do with the master of Thornfield, further than to receive the salary he gives you for teaching his protegee, and to be grateful for such respectful and kind treatment as, if you do your duty, you have a right to expect at his hands.
I’m not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
I hate ordinary people!
If asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack, I should say: Begin by seizing something which your opponent holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will.
Never lose a chance: it doesn’t come every day.
Prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion.
But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
What I have always wished for, desired, and coveted, is the life of an artist, free and independent, relying only on my own resources, and accountable only to myself.
Tut, man, one fire burns out another’s burning, One pain is lessen’d by another’s anguish; Turn giddy, and be holp by backward turning; One desperate grief cures with another’s languish: Take thou some new infection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die.
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
and what noise is this?
What, you egg!
We can never cease to be ourselves.
We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories.
You are my creator, but I am your master; obey!
It is a common sentence that Knowledge is power; but who hath duly considered or set forth the power of Ignorance?
(Mr. Cruncher himself always spoke of the year of our Lord as Anna Dominoes: apparently under the impression that the Christian era dated from the invention of a popular game, by a lady who had bestowed her name upon it.)
She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly—the thought of the world’s concern at her situation—was founded on an illusion.
Perhaps it is not-being that is the true state, and all our dream of life is without existence; but, if so, we feel that it must be that these phrases of music, these conceptions which exist in relation to our dream, are nothing either.
People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices.
Perhaps so; nothing but a charming woman, who, strange as it may appear, made him the happiest of men!
Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself?
Every moment that passes takes something from me and gives something to it.
Dear little Swallow, said the Prince, you tell me of marvellous things, but more marvellous than anything is the suffering of men and of women.
The amount of women in London who flirt with their own husbands is perfectly scandalous.
If they would rather die, said Scrooge, they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population.
This horrible discord, which has lasted for so many centuries, is a very striking lesson that we should pardon each other's errors; discord is the great ill of mankind; and tolerance is the only remedy for it.
This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and can not withstand you if you say that it shall not.
Dread remorse when you are tempted to err, Miss Eyre; remorse is the poison of life.
But break my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
_Cal._ You taught me language; and my profit on’t Is, I know how to curse.
They say that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains, he remarked with a smile.
Ts’ao Kung says: Rewards for good service should not be deferred a single day.
When one reads these strange pages of one long gone one feels that one is at one with one who once.
I tell you it will be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming famine; it will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgment, than for thee, civilized and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest on their bloated livers in thy pate-de-foie-gras.
She never told her love, But let concealment, like a worm i'th'bud, Feed on her damask check: she pined in thought And, with a green and yellow melancholy, She sat like Patience on a monument, Smiling at grief.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies’brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair; He that is strucken blind can not forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
There it is before you—smiling, frowning, inviting, grand, mean, insipid, or savage, and always mute with an air of whispering,‘Come and find out.’This one was almost featureless, as if still in the making, with an aspect of monotonous grimness.
I can not live with you, It would be life, And life is over there Behind the shelf The sexton keeps the key to, Putting up Our life, his porcelain, Like a cup Discarded of the housewife, Quaint or broken; A newer Sevres pleases, Old ones crack.
It is required of every man, the Ghost returned, that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellowmen, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death.
It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world; but it is very possible to know how it has touched one’s self in going by, and I know right well that any good that intermixed itself with my apprenticeship came of plain contented Joe, and not of restlessly aspiring discontented me.
Nothing is easier than to admit in words the truth of the universal struggle for life, or more difficult—at least I have found it so—than constantly to bear this conclusion in mind.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
For Mercy has a human heart; Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine: And Peace the human dress.
I'm pretty well cloistered, and I suppose books mean more than people to me anyway.
As she came closer to him she noticed that there was a clean fresh scent of heather and grass and leaves about him, almost as if he were made of them.
And in myself, too, many things have perished which, I imagined, would last for ever, and new structures have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are difficult of comprehension.
Let the truth be told—women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye.
Only two commentators seem to favour this interpretation, but it fits well into the logic of the context, whereas the rendering, He who does not know the evils of war can not appreciate its benefits, is distinctly pointless.
Never in her life—she could swear it from the bottom of her soul—had she ever intended to do wrong; yet these hard judgements had come.
There was no solution, but that universal solution which life gives to all questions, even the most complex and insoluble.
Our desires cut across one another's paths, and in this confused existence it is but rarely that a piece of good fortune coincides with the desire that clamoured for it.
Her imagination was by habit ridiculously active; when the door was not open it jumped out of the window.
I have been so long master that I would be master still or at least that none other should be master of me.
He perceived that such a picture presupposed, on her part, the experience, the versatility, the freedom of judgment, which she had been carefully trained not to possess; and with a shiver of foreboding he saw his marriage becoming what most of the other marriages about him were: a dull association of material and social interests held together by ignorance on the one side and hypocrisy on the other.
It seemed as if it fascinated him to see her push it up impatiently until it tightened her soft flesh; and then to mark the loosening the fall.
Because, he said, I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you—especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
I struggled no more, but the agony of my soul found vent in one loud, long, and final scream of despair.
I said, let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler: but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.
It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
But Rosamond Vincy seemed to have the true melodic charm; and when a man has seen the woman whom he would have chosen if he had intended to marry speedily, his remaining a bachelor will usually depend on her resolution rather than on his.
that they are not ashamed to sin, and yet are ashamed to repent; not ashamed of the action for which they ought justly to be esteemed fools, but are ashamed of the returning, which only can make them be esteemed wise men.
Slave, I have set my life upon a cast And I Will stand the hazard of the die.
If he sends reinforcements everywhere, he will everywhere be weak.
Man selects only for his own good; Nature only for that of the being which she tends.
The simplicity of your character makes you exquisitely incomprehensible to me.
‘In the course of years!’‘It is not a new one!’New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
It takes so little to make a child happy that it is a pity, in a world so full of sunshine and pleasant things, that there should be any wistful faces, empty hands, or lonely little hearts.
Now, I am living out my life in my corner, taunting myself with the spiteful and useless consolation that an intelligent man can not become anything seriously, and it is only the fool who becomes anything.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
Then I feel, Harry, that I have given away my whole soul to some one who treats it as if it were a flower to put in his coat, a bit of decoration to charm his vanity, an ornament for a summer’s day.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
If the world were a paradise of luxury and ease, a land flowing with milk and honey, where every Jack obtained his Jill at once and without any difficulty, men would either die of boredom or hang themselves; or there would be wars, massacres, and murders; so that in the end mankind would inflict more suffering on itself than it has now to accept at the hands of Nature.
But indeed, if you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stairs into the lobby.
For aught that I could ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth.
Drest in a little brief authority Most ignorant of what he's most assured, His glassy essence, like an angry ape, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven, As make the angels weep.
Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail.
You shouldn't pay too much attention to people's opinions.
_—Come! _ It soared, a bird, it held its flight, a swift pure cry, soar silver orb it leaped serene, speeding, sustained, to come, don’t spin it out too long long breath he breath long life, soaring high, high resplendent, aflame, crowned, high in the effulgence symbolistic, high, of the etherial bosom, high, of the high vast irradiation everywhere all soaring all around about the all, the endlessnessnessness.
Hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for purposes of spying and thereby they achieve great results.
I won't say she was silly, but I think one of us was silly, and it wasn't me.
Time is, time was, but time shall be no more.
It is this what you mean, isn’t it: that the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future?
But it’s God’s own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared.
That you are here that life exists and identity, That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse.
All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
After all, the true seeing is within; and painting stares at you with an insistent imperfection.
Yet mark his perfect self-contentment, and hence learn this lesson, that to be self-contented is to be vile and ignorant, and that to aspire is better than to be blindly and impotently happy.
My life closed twice before its close; It yet remains to see If Immortality unveil A third event to me, So huge, so hopeless to conceive, As these that twice befell.
I have been so overwhelmed by the many storms that have broken over my head, that I am become passive in the hands of the Almighty, like a sparrow in the talons of an eagle.
That's in the nature of secrets.
Did he live his life again in every detail of desire, temptation, and surrender during that supreme moment of complete knowledge?
So let us love gently.
In the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is as the light called human life is at its coming and its going.
You and I will always be friends.
She was a curious woman, whose dresses always looked as if they had been designed in a rage and put on in a tempest.
And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has done me good, and will do me good; and I say, God bless it!
In dressing, she moved about in a mental cloud of many-coloured idealities, which eclipsed all sinister contingencies by its brightness.
Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting.
Alice thought to herself, I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line.
All change is a miracle to contemplate; but it is a miracle which is taking place every instant.
There is no point, among the many incomprehensible anomalies of the science of mind, more thrillingly exciting than the fact never, I believe, noticed in the schools than in our endeavors to recall to memory something long forgotten, we often find ourselves _upon the very verge_ of remembrance, without being able, in the end, to remember.
This expression of abandon and surrender, of absolute trust, he reserved for the master alone.
The robin flew from his swinging spray of ivy on to the top of the wall and he opened his beak and sang a loud, lovely trill, merely to show off.
What is to be thought of a nation boasting of its liberty, boasting of its humanity, boasting of its Christianity, boasting of its love of justice and purity, and yet having within its own borders three millions of persons denied by law the right of marriage?
Now and then, in this workaday world, things do happen in the delightful storybook fashion, and what a comfort it is.
Pride helps us; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our own hurts—not to hurt others.
’Tis because we be on a blighted star, and not a sound one, isn’t it, Tess?
But a prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
Leave me those feelings; and you can take away the voice and the face.
It is only when we are very happy, that we can bear to gaze merrily upon the vast and limitless expanse of water, rolling on and on with such persistent, irritating monotony, to the accompaniment of our thoughts, whether grave or gay.
I know that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown that regret.
All days are nights to see till I see thee, And nights bright days when dreams do show thee me.
You would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little organ, yet can not you make it speak.
Sure he that made us with such large discourse, Looking before and after, gave us not That capability and godlike reason To fust in us unus’d.
We are like the herb which flourisheth most when it is most trampled on.
I desired liberty; for liberty I gasped; for liberty I uttered a prayer; it seemed scattered on the wind then faintly blowing.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
He’ll love and hate equally under cover, and esteem it a species of impertinence to be loved or hated again.
But you might as well bid a man struggling in the water rest within arms’length of the shore!
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
Nothing spoils a romance so much as a sense of humour in the woman.
As far as the piano is concerned, sentiment is my forte.
It was not well to drive men into final corners; at those moments they could all develop teeth and claws.
One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of hereditary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion.
In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas—no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
When you have done, pray tell me, That I my thoughts may dim; Haste!
He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.
And where do bad Americans go to when they die?
You are like a chestnut burr, prickly outside, but silky-soft within, and a sweet kernal, if one can only get at it.
To speak robin to a robin is like speaking French to a Frenchman.
The cub’s fear of the unknown was an inherited distrust, and it had now been strengthened by experience.
If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down.
She had only to stand in the orchard, to put her hand on a little crab tree and look up at the apples, to make you feel the goodness of planting and tending and harvesting at last.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort.
He was conscious of a thousand odours floating in the air, each one connected with a thousand thoughts, and hopes, and joys, and cares long, long, forgotten!
There was one great tomb more lordly than all the rest; huge it was, and nobly proportioned.
I suppose the woman wants to live her own life; and the man wants to live his; and each tries to drag the other on to the wrong track.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
And he arrives in front of the moon which is like a piece of ice, quite round, filled with a motionless light.
âAnd woman is the same as horses: two wills act in opposition inside her.
Why did you form a monster so hideous that even _you_ turned from me in disgust?
I don’t want to prove anything; I merely want to live, to do no one harm but myself.
In his dominions children grow unloving between parents who have never loved; infants are nursed on deception from their very birth; they are reared in an atmosphere corrupt with lies.
Mr. Rochester had sometimes read my unspoken thoughts with an acumen to me incomprehensible: in the present instance he took no notice of my abrupt vocal response; but he smiled at me with a certain smile he had of his own, and which he used but on rare occasions.
All your other hopes have merged into the hope of being beyond the chance of its sordid reproach.
Women ought to be free as free as we are, he declared, making a discovery of which he was too irritated to measure the terrific consequences.
But the emptiness and the darkness are gone; when I turn back into myself now I'm like a child going at night into a room where there's always a light.
We have the plans for a Utopia already made; just give us a bit more time and we'll produce it; trust us; we're wiser than you.'
A new world, material without being real, where poor ghosts, breathing dreams like air, drifted fortuitously about … like that ashen, fantastic figure gliding toward him through the amorphous trees.
And if that boisterous Channel, and two hundred miles or so of land come broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I’ve a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly.
Hesitation of any kind is a sign of mental decay in the young, of physical weakness in the old.
The only horrible thing in the world is _ennui_, Dorian.
They tried to be too clever—and that was their undoing.
What was it in the human heart that made you despise a man because he loved you?
I'm not going to bring a child into the world, and love her, and bring her up, just so that some man may want to sleep with her so much that he's willing to provide her with board and lodging for the rest of her life.
’Gainst death, and all-oblivious enmity Shall you pace forth; your praise shall still find room Even in the eyes of all posterity That wear this world out to the ending doom.
The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy; only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.
Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
They were the mixed result of young and noble impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.
I suppose a cry does us all good at times clears the air as other rain does.
May your sky be clear, may your sweet smile be bright and untroubled, and may you be blessed for that moment of blissful happiness which you gave to another, lonely and grateful heart!
Whose fault is it that he does not know how to live his life?
If you don't give a darn whether you ever see the needle or not it runs into you the first time you lean against the stack.
I should think he has to wear asbestos vests.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
Why, oh why must one grow up, why must one inherit this heavy, numbing responsibility of living an undiscovered life?
The officer looked at Daisy while she was speaking, in a way that every young girl wants to be looked at sometime, and because it seemed romantic to me I have remembered the incident ever since.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Like holding water in your hand.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
By my faith, I was in deepest darkness till you appeared and suddenly illumined all.
During the whole of a dull, dark, and soundless day in the autumn of the year, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, I had been passing alone, on horseback, through a singularly dreary tract of country; and at length found myself, as the shades of the evening drew on, within view of the melancholy House of Usher.
Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone.
Whatever my own practice may be, I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals, as surely as the savage tribes have left off eating each other when they came in contact with the more civilized.
It is clear to me now that, owing to my unbounded vanity and to the high standard I set for myself, I often looked at myself with furious discontent, which verged on loathing, and so I inwardly attributed the same feeling to everyone.
To see and know the worst is to take from Fear her main advantage.
Of yourself you could come with soft flight and nestle against my heart, if you would: seized against your will, you will elude the grasp like an essence—you will vanish ere I inhale your fragrance.
But life is a great adventure, and the worst of all fears is the fear of living.
The human mind delights in grand conceptions of supernatural beings.
Tu Mu says: Conform to the enemy’s tactics until a favourable opportunity offers; then come forth and engage in a battle that shall prove decisive.
Signatures of all things I am here to read, seaspawn and seawrack, the nearing tide, that rusty boot.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
And in this passion for understanding her soul lay close to his; she had him all to herself.
I will not sell my back to man for a bundle of sugar-cane: I will go out to my own kind, and the wood-folk in their lairs.
Poor Mr. Casaubon had imagined that his long studious bachelorhood had stored up for him a compound interest of enjoyment, and that large drafts on his affections would not fail to be honored; for we all of us, grave or light, get our thoughts entangled in metaphors, and act fatally on the strength of them.
She stopped and listened to him and somehow his cheerful, friendly little whistle gave her a pleased feeling—even a disagreeable little girl may be lonely, and the big closed house and big bare moor and big bare gardens had made this one feel as if there was no one left in the world but herself.
The light air about me told me that the world ended here: only the ground and sun and sky were left, and if one went a little farther there would be only sun and sky, and one would float off into them, like the tawny hawks which sailed over our heads making slow shadows on the grass.
Divine am I inside and out, and I make holy whatever I touch or am touch’d from, The scent of these arm-pits aroma finer than prayer, This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.
Clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul.
Margaret liked this smile; it was the first thing she had admired in this new friend of her father’s; and the opposition of character, shown in all these details of appearance she had just been noticing, seemed to explain the attraction they evidently felt towards each other.
thought Margaret, what could he mean by speaking so, as if I were always thinking that he cared for me, when I know he does not; he can not.
The saints were his friends, and blessed him; the monsters were his friends and guarded him.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
They are the only things that are never serious.
The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man.
But women never know when the curtain has fallen.
He no longer felt anything, though very faintly he could hear the impact of the club upon his body.
I am too young and I’ve loved you too much.
How good life is when one does something good and just!
He knelt by the bed and bent over her, draining their last moment to its lees; and in the silence there passed between them the word which made all clear.
Never are voices so beautiful as on a winter’s evening, when dusk almost hides the body, and they seem to issue from nothingness with a note of intimacy seldom heard by day.
O swear not by the moon, th’inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
She had borne so long the cruelty of belonging to him and not being claimed by him.
Love, though said to be afflicted with blindness, is a vigilant watchman, and Miss Peecher kept him on double duty over Mr Bradley Headstone.
It is remarkable, that persons who speculate the most boldly often conform with the most perfect quietude to the external regulations of society.
Somebody might have come along that way who would have asked him his trouble, and might have cheered him by saying that his notions were further advanced than those of his grammarian.
Silence has sometimes a remarkable power of showing itself as the disembodied soul of feeling wandering without its carcase, and it is then more impressive than speech.
I AM BORN Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
I knew myself, at the first breath of this new life, to be more wicked, tenfold more wicked, sold a slave to my original evil; and the thought, in that moment, braced and delighted me like wine.
The fearful passage of their death-mark’d love, And the continuance of their parents’rage, Which, but their children’s end, nought could remove, Is now the two hours’traffic of our stage; The which, if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
I am your wife, if you will marry me; If not, I’ll die your maid: to be your fellow You may deny me; but I’ll be your servant, 85 Whether you will or no.
Cupid is a knavish lad Thus to make poor females mad.
She spent half her time in thinking of beauty and bravery and magnanimity; she had a fixed determination to regard the world as a place of brightness, of free expansion, of irresistible action: she held it must be detestable to be afraid or ashamed.
Tu Mu remarks: When your army has crossed the border, you should burn your boats and bridges, in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no hankering after home.
That it would always be summer and autumn, and you always courting me, and always thinking as much of me as you have done through the past summer-time!
Ay me, sad hours seem long.
SNOUT Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.
Thy drugs are quick.
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character; happiness does that sometimes, but suffering, for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.
But, perhaps the confidential bachelor clerks in Tellson’s Bank were principally occupied with the cares of other people; and perhaps second-hand cares, like second-hand clothes, come easily off and on.
Thus human beings judge of one another, superficially, casually, throwing contempt on one another, with but little reason, and no charity.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
I had traded the fight against love for the fight against loneliness, the fight against life for the fight against death.
He had kept all the pain to himself.
Nothing makes time pass more quickly or more shortens a journey than a thought which absorbs in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks.
I have kept her with me all this time, but now we are going to part, and I have brought her back to you I am going to leave her here.
I thought, if I had caused the cloud, it was my duty to make an effort to dispel it.
But you knew; you understood; you had felt the world outside tugging at one with all its golden hands and yet you hated the things it asks of one; you hated happiness bought by disloyalty and cruelty and indifference.
As for omens, there is no such thing as an omen.
When one is dictating one should speak fluently and not cough.
People talk sometimes of bestial cruelty, but that’s a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel.
Hush, hush, Alexey Fyodorovitch, for I have so much to say to you that I am afraid I shall tell you nothing.
I wish to goodness we had a few fools left.
Young men often laugh at the sensible girls whom they secretly respect, and affect to admire the silly ones whom they secretly despise, because earnestness, intelligence, and womanly dignity are not the fashion.
To read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
I could not resist the temptation of mystifying him a bit I suppose it is some of the taste of the original apple that remains still in our mouths so I handed him the shorthand diary.
I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wraps my existence about you, and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.
It was the very essence of the unknown; it was the sum of the terrors of the unknown, the one culminating and unthinkable catastrophe that could happen to him, about which he knew nothing and about which he feared everything.
The ghostly winter silence had given way to the great spring murmur of awakening life.
Her future, she thought, was likely to be worse than her past, for after her years of contented renunciation, she had slipped back into desire and longing; she found joyless days of distasteful occupation harder and harder; she found the image of the intense and varied life she yearned for, and despaired of, becoming more and more importunate.
It would be an easy map if that were all, but there is also first day at school, religion, fathers, the round pond, needle-work, murders, hangings, verbs that take the dative, chocolate pudding day, getting into braces, say ninety-nine, three-pence for pulling out your tooth yourself, and so on, and either these are part of the island or they are another map showing through, and it is all rather confusing, especially as nothing will stand still.
An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
We live in an age that reads too much to be wise, and that thinks too much to be beautiful.
Receive what cheer you may; The night is long that never finds the day.
I am anchored on a resolve you can not shake.
and what are you doing now?
I hate to think I’ve got to grow up, and be Miss March, and wear long gowns, and look as prim as a China Aster!
For a few seconds they gazed silently into one another’s eyes—and what had seemed impossible and remote suddenly became possible, inevitable, and very near.
And still I stood looking at the house, thinking how happy I should be if I lived there with her, and knowing that I never was happy with her, but always miserable.
Of course it is, said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to everything that Alice said; there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
It isn't in that it tries to make life less so.
He said,‘A great many men are mad, and no one knows it.
THE GRAY HOUSE It is in the twenties that the actual momentum of life begins to slacken, and it is a simple soul indeed to whom as many things are significant and meaningful at thirty as at ten years before.
Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
I understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
For one very rich man, there must be at least five hundred poor, and the affluence of the few supposes the indigence of the many.
It puts ideas in their heads, and women are never at ease with themselves when they have ideas.
Dorian, from the moment I met you, your personality had the most extraordinary influence over me.
It seems to me that we all look at Nature too much, and live with her too little.
It is so loud that one can talk the whole time without other people hearing what one says.
Yes, darling, with a little help from others.
Life isn't long enough for love and art.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
The space of sky above us was the colour of ever-changing violet and towards it the lamps of the street lifted their feeble lanterns.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins.
The most necessary man is he with whom you are, for no man knows whether he will ever have dealings with any one else: and the most important affair is, to do him good, because for that purpose alone was man sent into this life!
Feeling without judgment is a washy draught indeed; but judgment untempered by feeling is too bitter and husky a morsel for human deglutition.
It says: The opposite of every truth is just as true!
A classic, suggested Anthony, is a successful book that has survived the reaction of the next period or generation.
Yet Clare’s sharp questions must I shun; Must separate Constance from the nun— Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practise to deceive!
For men are made for happiness, and any one who is completely happy has a right to say to himself,‘I am doing God’s will on earth.’All the righteous, all the saints, all the holy martyrs were happy.
It is youth’s felicity as well as its insufficiency that it can never live in the present, but must always be measuring up the day against its own radiantly imagined future flowers and gold, girls and stars, they are only prefigurations and prophecies of that incomparable, unattainable young dream.
and not he loves me, since an unalterable and unquestioned law of the musical world required that the German text of French operas sung by Swedish artists should be translated into Italian for the clearer understanding of English-speaking audiences.
Why don't you all get together and be'they'yourselves?
If you should marry the handsomest, and most accomplished and superficially agreeable man in the world, you little know the misery that would overwhelm you if, after all, you should find him to be a worthless reprobate, or even an impracticable fool.
I can't go underground for a year, ten years, my whole life, waiting for freedom to be handed to me.
I always lacked common sense when taken by surprise.
For there was something very comfortable in having plenty of stationery.
Dear Prince, I must leave you, but I will never forget you, and next spring I will bring you back two beautiful jewels in place of those you have given away.
After this I call to mind flatness and dampness; and then all is madness—the madness of a memory which busies itself among forbidden things.
It has always seemed absurd to suppose that a god would choose for his companions, during all eternity, the dear souls whose highest and only ambition is to obey.
There’s rosemary, that’s for remembrance; pray love, remember.
’Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forc’d breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected haviour of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shows of grief, That can denote me truly.
I would give you some violets, but they wither’d all when my father died.
What he did not understand was all this worry about so simple an affair as love.
’tis an unweeded garden That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature Possess it merely.
ABSENCE It was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many unavailing sorrows and regrets.
It’s the glory of the sea that has turned my head.
I mean they don’t mind six pairs of boots, or six pounds of apples, or six oranges, especially in equations, but they seem to think you ought not to have five brothers and sisters.
But it did not all happen in a day, this giving over of himself, body and soul, to the man-animals.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whoever could make two ears of corn, or two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner; nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people.
I would rather touch her hand if it were dead, than I would touch any other woman’s living.
He gets into intimate relations with them to study them, to strip the mask of convention from them, to surprise their inmost secrets, knowing that they have the power to rouse his deepest creative energies, to rescue him from his cold reason, to make him see visions and dream dreams, to inspire him, as he calls it.
The soul selects her own society, Then shuts the door; On her divine majority Obtrude no more.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defence whose opponent does not know what to attack.
Stars and sun, a few bright grains, went spinning round for terror, and holding each other in embrace, there in a darkness that outpassed them all, and left them tiny and daunted.
I don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it.
Every great man nowadays has his disciples, and it is always Judas who writes the biography.
The proper basis for marriage is a mutual misunderstanding.
To get into the best society, nowadays, one has either to feed people, amuse people, or shock people—that is all!
Beauty made you love, and love made you beautiful.
I am the mother that bore you, and your sorrow is my agony; and if you don’t hate her, I do.
Those who talk most about the blessings of marriage and the constancy of its vows are the very people who declare that if the chain were broken and the prisoners left free to choose, the whole social fabric would fly asunder.
I sort of feel they’re never coming again, and I’m not really getting all I could out of them.
Well, I began analyzing it—my imagination persisted in sticking horrors into the dark—so I stuck my imagination into the dark instead, and let it look out at me—I let it play stray dog or escaped convict or ghost, and then saw myself coming along the road.
It is filled with misery and pain; and if a man escapes these, boredom lies in wait for him at every corner.
Beauty is also a gift of God, one of the most rare and precious, and we should be thankful if we are happy enough to possess it and thankful, if we are not, that others possess it for our pleasure.
Men must endure Their going hence, even as their coming hither: Ripeness is all: come on.
Ophelia, walk you here.—Gracious, so please you, We will bestow ourselves.—_To Ophelia._ Read on this book, That show of such an exercise may colour Your loneliness.—We are oft to blame in this,’Tis too much prov’d, that with devotion’s visage And pious action we do sugar o’er The devil himself.
There is fear hanging in the air of the sleeping halls, and in the air of the streets.
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
For small erections may be finished by their first architects; grand ones, true ones, ever leave the copestone to posterity.
Men, declaring that she inspires them to it, move joyfully over the surface, having the most delightful meetings with other men, happy, not because they are masculine, but because they are alive.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
And now that we have finally got rid of this Mr. Bunbury, may I ask, Mr. Worthing, who is that young person whose hand my nephew Algernon is now holding in what seems to me a peculiarly unnecessary manner?
Moreover, any man more right than his neighbors constitutes a majority of one already.
See how he cowers and sneaks, how vaguely all the day he fears, not being immortal nor divine, but the slave and prisoner of his own opinion of himself, a fame won by his own deeds.
I shall always be a flower girl to Professor Higgins, because he always treats me as a flower girl, and always will; but I know I can be a lady to you, because you always treat me as a lady, and always will.
So long as man remains free he strives for nothing so incessantly and so painfully as to find some one to worship.
And in the contemplation of this sublime something the soul was exalted to inconceivable heights of which it had before had no conception, while reason lagged behind, unable to keep up with it.
There was much of the beautiful, much of the wanton, much of the bizarre, something of the terrible, and not a little of that which might have excited disgust.
God has given us, in a measure, the power to make our own fate; and when our energies seem to demand a sustenance they can not get—when our will strains after a path we may not follow—we need neither starve from inanition, nor stand still in despair: we have but to seek another nourishment for the mind, as strong as the forbidden food it longed to taste—and perhaps purer; and to hew out for the adventurous foot a road as direct and broad as the one Fortune has blocked up against us, if rougher than it.
I dare say there’s many a woman makes as sad a mistake as I have done, and only finds it out too late.
AMORY: Because selfish people are in a way terribly capable of great loves.
They had never been closer in their month of love, nor communicated more profoundly one with another, than when she brushed silent lips against his coat’s shoulder or when he touched the end of her fingers, gently, as though she were asleep.
Perhaps they think that in proclaiming the evil of living they somehow salvage their own worth from the ruin but they don't, even you and I._ _.
It's been very rare to have known you, very strange and wonderful.
And she seemed to long for the abstraction called passionate love more than for any particular lover.
I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.
He did not even think the law; he merely lived the law without thinking about it at all.
Nature, that great tragic dramatist, knits us together by bone and muscle, and divides us by the subtler web of our brains; blends yearning and repulsion; and ties us by our heart-strings to the beings that jar us at every movement.
He was poor, yet always appeared to be giving something away; a stranger, yet everyone was his friend; no longer young, but as happy-hearted as a boy; plain and peculiar, yet his face looked beautiful to many, and his oddities were freely forgiven for his sake.
They wanted genuine intimacy, but they could not get even normally near to anyone, because they scorned to take the first steps, they scorned the triviality which forms common human intercourse.
The end of Religion is not to teach us how to die, but how to live; and the earlier you become wise and good, the more of happiness you secure.
Margaret the Churchwoman, her father the Dissenter, Higgins the Infidel, knelt down together.
She believed that she could have borne the sense of Almighty displeasure, because He knew all, and could read her penitence, and hear her cries for help in time to come.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
Her contempt for me was so strong, that it became infectious, and I caught it.
Oh, how she did like that queer, common boy!
I may do some good before I am dead—be a sort of success as a frightful example of what not to do; and so illustrate a moral story, continued Jude, beginning to grow bitter, though he had opened serenely enough.
PART THE FIRST WINTER CHAPTER I. MELLSTOCK-LANE To dwellers in a wood almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature.
Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
Gentle, soft dream, nestling in my arms now, you will fly, too, as your sisters have all fled before you: but kiss me before you go—embrace me, Jane.
Is that which can bend and turn, and descend and ascend, to fit every crooked phase of selfish, worldly society, religion?
I have seen something of this world, she said over the crowded trays, and there are but two sorts of women in it—those who take the strength out of a man and those who put it back.
It is merely a method by which we can multiply our personalities.
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
If I went out with a couple of rifles and a gun bearer, and twenty or thirty beaters, to hunt a lion, I should not feel that the lion had much chance, and so the pleasure of the hunt would be lessened in proportion to the increased safety which I felt.
’Tis in my memory lock’d, And you yourself shall keep the key of it.
Satire is a sort of glass wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own; which is the chief reason for that kind reception it meets with in the world, and that so very few are offended with it.
Why did you look at the sunset?
If thought is life And strength and breath, And the want Of thought is death; Then am I A happy fly.
Occasionally a line of grey cars crawls along an invisible track, gives out a ghastly creak, and comes to rest, and immediately the ash-grey men swarm up with leaden spades and stir up an impenetrable cloud, which screens their obscure operations from your sight.
Even from the simplest, the most realistic point of view, the countries for which we long occupy, at any given moment, a far larger place in our true life than the country in which we may happen to be.
And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
Thought is the thought of thought.
Yet we met; and fate bound us together at the altar; and I never spoke of passion nor thought of love.
3: the most fatal defect in a military leader is difference; the worst calamities that befall an army arise from hesitation.
26 Now I will do nothing but listen, To accrue what I hear into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it.
But a stranger in a strange land, he is no one; men know him not and to know not is to care not for.
Enter freely and of your own will!
So new to him, she muttered, so old to me; so strange to him, so familiar to me; so melancholy to both of us!
No, reader: gratitude, and many associations, all pleasurable and genial, made his face the object I best liked to see; his presence in a room was more cheering than the brightest fire.
She wanted to read great, beautiful books, and be rich with them; she wanted to see beautiful things, and have the joy of them for ever; she wanted to know big, free people; and there remained always the want she could put no name to.
Daisy was not a Catholic, and I was a little shocked at the elaborateness of the lie.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
Nothing should be out of the reach of hope.
As it was, we always misunderstood ourselves and rarely understood others.
Questions are never indiscreet.
Man wanted a home, a place of warmth, or comfort, first of physical warmth, then the warmth of the affections.
If the study to which you apply yourself has a tendency to weaken your affections and to destroy your taste for those simple pleasures in which no alloy can possibly mix, then that study is certainly unlawful, that is to say, not befitting the human mind.
He seemed to see that a man need not leave his life to chance, but that his will was powerful; he seemed to see that self-control might be as passionate and as active as the surrender to passion; he seemed to see that the inward life might be as manifold, as varied, as rich with experience, as the life of one who conquered realms and explored unknown lands.
Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head.
I learned to look more upon the bright side of my condition, and less upon the dark side, and to consider what I enjoyed rather than what I wanted; and this gave me sometimes such secret comforts, that I can not express them; and which I take notice of here, to put those discontented people in mind of it, who can not enjoy comfortably what God has given them, because they see and covet something that He has not given them.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
And so she shuddered away from the threat of his enduring love.
But even so, amid the tornadoed Atlantic of my being, do I myself still for ever centrally disport in mute calm; and while ponderous planets of unwaning woe revolve round me, deep down and deep inland there I still bathe me in eternal mildness of joy.
Boldwood, who seemed so much deeper and higher and stronger in feeling than Gabriel, had not yet learnt, any more than she herself, the simple lesson which Oak showed a mastery of by every turn and look he gave—that among the multitude of interests by which he was surrounded, those which affected his personal well-being were not the most absorbing and important in his eyes.
Dark clouds bring waters, when the bright bring none.
A MEMORABLE FANCY The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert that God spoke to them, and whether they did not think at the time that they would be misunderstood, and so be the cause of imposition.
XVIII Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
KING I don't like the look of it at all; however, it may kiss my hand if it likes.
Let us record the atoms as they fall upon the mind in the order in which they fall, let us trace the pattern, however disconnected and incoherent in appearance, which each sight or incident scores upon the consciousness.
A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired.
I asked the question for the best reason possible, for the only reason, indeed, that excuses one for asking any question—simple curiosity.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
Weeds of Athens he doth wear: This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid; And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground.
Mischief, thou art afoot, Take thou what course thou wilt!
There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn, either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie.
It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk.
When a man is old enough to do wrong he should be old enough to do right also.
If much depends, as is allowed, upon the early education of youth, and the first principles which are instilled take the deepest root, great benefit must arise from literary accomplishments in women.
Quoth Siddhartha: What should I possibly have to tell you, oh venerable one?
The moment one sits down to think, one becomes all nose, or all forehead, or something horrid.
I did it to the full, as one should do everything that one does.
If there is disturbance in the camp, the general’s authority is weak.
Therefore, just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions.
There is such a thing as looking through a person’s eyes into the heart, and learning more of the height, and breadth, and depth of another’s soul in one hour than it might take you a lifetime to discover, if he or she were not disposed to reveal it, or if you had not the sense to understand it.
Kant thought things not because they were true, but because he was Kant.
The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.
But when you love in a deeper and intenser way, then you are, in the same proportion, jealous; your jealousy has intensity and, no doubt, ferocity.
Sometimes she went so far as to wish that she might find herself some day in a difficult position, so that she should have the pleasure of being as heroic as the occasion demanded.
Plants will grow about your roots, whether you ask them or not, because they take delight in your bountiful shadow; and as they grow they will lean towards you, and wind round you, because your strength offers them so safe a prop.
Men are free when they belong to a living, organic, _believing_ community, active in fulfilling some unfulfilled, perhaps unrealized purpose.
Nothing like the act of eating for equalising men.
The most worthless of mankind are not afraid to condemn in others the same disorders which they allow in themselves; and can readily discover some nice difference of age, character, or station, to justify the partial distinction.
The streets that we have only seen as children always do, I believe, when we go back to them.
I had seen the damp lying on the outside of my little window, as if some goblin had been crying there all night, and using the window for a pocket-handkerchief.
I never had one hour’s happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
The invisible worm, That flies in the night, In the howling storm, Has found out thy bed Of crimson joy, And his dark secret love Does thy life destroy.
She thought it was part of the hardship of her life that there was laid upon her the burthen of larger wants than others seemed to feel, —that she had to endure this wide, hopeless yearning for that something, whatever it was, that was greatest and best on this earth.
Doubtless this persistence was the best course for his own dignity: but pride only helps us to be generous; it never makes us so, any more than vanity makes us witty.
I expect I shall feel better after tea.'
I can’t think of you and myself apart.
If one’s lot is cast among fools, it is necessary to study folly.
Dead, men and women, born with heavenly compassion in your hearts.
This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate.
To understand, observe, and draw conclusions, man must first of all be conscious of himself as living.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
I woke and chid my honest fingers, The gem was gone; And now an amethyst remembrance Is all I own.
If I didn’t care about doing right, and didn’t feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
If the best of one’s feelings means nothing to the person most concerned in those feelings, what reality is left us?
I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life!
Thus do many calculations lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat: how much more no calculation at all!
For, as Chia Lin remarks: if you fight with all your might, there is a chance of life; where as death is certain if you cling to your corner.
It may not be purchased of the merchants, nor can it be weighed out in the balance for gold.
You, who know all the secrets of life, tell me how to charm Sibyl Vane to love me!
He looked at her neck and thought how he would like to jab it with the knife he had for his muffin.
There is nothing so terrible as the pursuit of art by those who have no talent.
Wonderfully, soon afterwards, insight came towards me in the form of the great Buddha’s teachings, I felt the knowledge of the oneness of the world circling in me like my own blood.
One can’t live with one’s finger everlastingly on one’s pulse.
He could remember all about it now; the pitiful figure he must have cut; the absurd way in which he had gone and done the very thing he had so often agreed with himself in thinking would be the most foolish thing in the world; and had met with exactly the consequences which, in these wise moods, he had always foretold were certain to follow, if he ever did make such a fool of himself.
A little tap at the window, as though some missile had struck it, followed by a plentiful, falling sound, as light, though, as if a shower of sand were being sprinkled from a window overhead; then the fall spread, took on an order, a rhythm, became liquid, loud, drumming, musical, innumerable, universal.
With memory set smarting like a reopened wound, a man’s past is not simply a dead history, an outworn preparation of the present: it is not a repented error shaken loose from the life: it is a still quivering part of himself, bringing shudders and bitter flavors and the tinglings of a merited shame.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
Why it was that upon this beautiful feminine tissue, sensitive as gossamer, and practically blank as snow as yet, there should have been traced such a coarse pattern as it was doomed to receive; why so often the coarse appropriates the finer thus, the wrong man the woman, the wrong woman the man, many thousand years of analytical philosophy have failed to explain to our sense of order.
Then cherish pity, lest you drive an angel from your door.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
Everything about her was warm and soft and scented: even the stains of her grief became her as rain-drops do the beaten rose.
It is so long before the mind can persuade itself that she whom we saw every day and whose very existence appeared a part of our own can have departed for ever—that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been extinguished and the sound of a voice so familiar and dear to the ear can be hushed, never more to be heard.
Alas that love, whose view is muffled still, Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will!
The taste of the usual was like cinders in his mouth, and there were moments when he felt as if he were being buried alive under his future.
There was much about love in the ballad faithful love that refused to abandon its object; love that disaster could not shake; love that in calamity waxed fonder, in poverty clung closer.
I look on them as things rootless and perishable; their likeness to life makes me sad.
If life be a war, it seemed my destiny to conduct it single-handed.
It's you who are telling me; opening my eyes to things I'd looked at so long that I'd ceased to see them.
To the States To the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved, Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever afterward resumes its liberty.
He only replied, Silence, maiden; thy tongue outruns thy discretion.
Without contraries is no progression.
Try not to associate bodily defects with mental, my good friend, except for a solid reason.’She had got over the fender now, and I had got over my suspicion.
So far as an overpowering heaviness, a prostration of strength, and an utter inability to control our thoughts or power of motion, can be called sleep, this is it; and yet, we have a consciousness of all that is going on about us, and, if we dream at such a time, words which are really spoken, or sounds which really exist at the moment, accommodate themselves with surprising readiness to our visions, until reality and imagination become so strangely blended that it is afterwards almost matter of impossibility to separate the two.
You can not have power for good without having power for evil too.
The soul is born old but grows young.
Oh, all my life!
They give people the opportunity of finding out each other’s character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account?
It is because Humanity has never known where it was going that it has been able to find its way.
But as soon as I asked myself the question, and tried to discover some subjects to which I could impart a philosophical significance of infinite value, my mind would stop like a clock, I would see before me vacuity, nothing, would feel either that I was wholly devoid of talent, or that, perhaps, a malady of the brain was hindering its development.
Our souls are like those orphans whose unwedded mothers die in bearing them: the secret of our paternity lies in their grave, and we must there to learn it.
I found in myself, and still find, an instinct toward a higher, or, as it is named, spiritual life, as do most men, and another toward a primitive rank and savage one, and I reverence them both.
The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the more people he is connected with and the more power he has over others, the more evident is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
When death, the great Reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
People glorify all sorts of bravery except the bravery they might show on behalf of their nearest neighbors.
If this world is not to our taste, well, at all events there is Heaven, Hell, Annihilation—one or other of those large things, that huge scenic background of stars, fires, blue or black air.
You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts: nothing else will ever be of any service to them.
We were equals afterwards, as we had been before; but, afterwards at quiet times when I sat looking at Joe and thinking about him, I had a new sensation of feeling conscious that I was looking up to Joe in my heart.
I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning, said Alice a little timidly: but it’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
People could put up with being bitten by a wolf but what properly riled them was a bite from a sheep.
She hardly knew what she had been seeking, or why the failure to find it had so blotted the light from her sky: she was only aware of a vague sense of failure, of an inner isolation deeper than the loneliness about her.
He stretched out his hand desperately as if to snatch only a wisp of air, to save a fragment of the spot that she had made lovely for him.
I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife.
There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
But, —and there it is, —we want to live and move, though we have no reason to, because it happens that it is the nature of life to live and move, to want to live and move.
Success in warfare is gained by carefully accommodating ourselves to the enemy’s purpose.
In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clenched fist none.
Love is like a tree; it sprouts forth of itself, sends its roots out deeply through our whole being, and often continues to flourish greenly over a heart in ruins.
For this reason she was fond of seeing great crowds and large stretches of country, of reading about revolutions and wars, of looking at historical pictures a class of efforts as to which she had often committed the conscious solecism of forgiving them much bad painting for the sake of the subject.
You can have your secret as long as I have your heart, he murmured.
The true perfection of man lies, not in what man has, but in what man is.
Veil after veil of thin dusky gauze is lifted, and by degrees the forms and colours of things are restored to them, and we watch the dawn remaking the world in its antique pattern.
but, through the furnace he would fight his way out into the serenity of middle age, all the richer and more human for having known this great passion.
A _grande passion_ is the privilege of people who have nothing to do.
First love is accompanied by such excessive joy that unless the joy be allowed to overflow, it will stifle you.
As I was saying, Mr. Philander, when you interrupted me, the Moors— Professor Archimedes Q. Porter, broke in Mr. Philander, in icy tones, the time has arrived when patience becomes a crime and mayhem appears garbed in the mantle of virtue.
In every country where independence has taken the place of liberty, the first desire of a manly heart is to possess a weapon, which at once renders him capable of defence or attack, and, by rendering its owner terrible, often makes him feared.
Do you know me, my lord?
He had the unfortunate capacity many men, especially Russians, have of seeing and believing in the possibility of goodness and truth, but of seeing the evil and falsehood of life too clearly to be able to take a serious part in it.
When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air.
Happiness, remarked Maury Noble one day, is only the first hour after the alleviation of some especially intense misery.
Money is not made in the light.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
It is not night when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night; Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you, in my respect, are all the world.
Oh, Jo, how could you?
‘You are too young to know how the world changes every day,’said Mrs. Creakle,‘and how the people in it pass away.
Joy and grief were mingled in the cup; but there were no bitter tears: for even grief itself arose so softened, and clothed in such sweet and tender recollections, that it became a solemn pleasure, and lost all character of pain.
I am not a fool, you know, although I am a woman, and have my woman’s moments.
She says it's really not very flattering to her that the women who fall in love with her husband are so uncommonly second-rate.
There are few men to whom it is the most important thing in the world, and they are not very interesting ones; even women, with whom the subject is of paramount interest, have a contempt for them.
ALICE I don't see how you can _ever_ finish, if you don't begin.
Was it all put into _words_, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it.
In this hour, Siddhartha stopped fighting his fate, stopped suffering.
Thus Gotama walked towards the town, to collect alms, and the two Samanas recognised him solely by the perfection of his calm, by the quietness of his appearance, in which there was no searching, no desire, no imitation, no effort to be seen, only light and peace.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
To muse for long unwearied hours, with my attention riveted to some frivolous device on the margin, or in the typography of a book; to become absorbed, for the better part of a summer’s day, in a quaint shadow falling aslant upon the tapestry or upon the floor; to lose myself, for an entire night, in watching the steady flame of a lamp, or the embers of a fire; to dream away whole days over the perfume of a flower; to repeat, monotonously, some common word, until the sound, by dint of frequent repetition, ceased to convey any idea whatever to the mind; to lose all sense of motion or physical existence, by means of absolute bodily quiescence long and obstinately persevered in: such were a few of the most common and least pernicious vagaries induced by a condition of the mental faculties, not, indeed, altogether unparalleled, but certainly bidding defiance to anything like analysis or explanation.
The world as he saw it was a fierce and brutal world, a world without warmth, a world in which caresses and affection and the bright sweetnesses of the spirit did not exist.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
I can't love you unless I give you up.
The real alchemy consists in being able to turn gold back again into something else; and that's the secret that most of your friends have lost.
Very well; I hear; I admit, but I have a voice, too, and for good or evil mine is the speech that can not be silenced.
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
Thou know’st’tis common, all that lives must die, Passing through nature to eternity.
She respected her husband in the same way as she respected the General Post Office, as something large, secure and fixed; and though she knew the small number of his talents she appreciated his abstract value as a male.
We must have done something very wicked before we were born, or else we must be going to be very happy indeed when we are dead, for God to let this life have all the tortures of expiation and all the sorrows of an ordeal.
All other swindlers upon earth are nothing to the self-swindlers, and with such pretences did I cheat myself.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
Chapter 10 When Levin thought what he was and what he was living for, he could find no answer to the questions and was reduced to despair, but he left off questioning himself about it.
Seriously The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners or any other particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls: in short, behaving as if you were in Heaven, where there are no third-class carriages, and one soul is as good as another.
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
Conceal your dispositions, and your condition will remain secret, which leads to victory; show your dispositions, and your condition will become patent, which leads to defeat.
The end and aim of spying in all its five varieties is knowledge of the enemy; and this knowledge can only be derived, in the first instance, from the converted spy.
True or false, that which is said of men often occupies as important a place in their lives, and above all in their destinies, as that which they do.
You're young enough and stupid enough not to know that you can't possibly win, so you're the only ones who can lead us to victory! Take it back!
The bright dawn flooded the room and swept the fantastic shadows into dusky corners, where they lay shuddering.
It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things.
Wealth is certainly a most desirable thing, but poverty has its sunny side, and one of the sweet uses of adversity is the genuine satisfaction which comes from hearty work of head or hand, and to the inspiration of necessity, we owe half the wise, beautiful, and useful blessings of the world.
That was comprehensible.
Forgive me, dear, I can’t help seeing that you are very lonely, and sometimes there is a hungry look in your eyes that goes to my heart.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
_Alon._ I long To hear the story of your life, which must Take the ear strangely.
A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear.
It is only when a man feels himself face to face with such horrors that he can understand their true import.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
And if you deliver an opinion at all, it is mere stupidity not to do it with an air of conviction and well-founded knowledge.
Saints and martyrs had never interested Maggie so much as sages and poets.
The fortune of my spirit is not to be blown into coins of brass and flung to the winds as alms for the poor of the spirit.
It is the bungled crime that brings remorse.
XLIII When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see, For all the day they view things unrespected; But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee, And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.
At the moment when her eyes closed, when all feeling vanished in her, she thought that she felt a touch of fire imprinted upon her lips, a kiss more burning than the red-hot iron of the executioner.
We try to find out, but can you imagine anything more ludicrous than one person’s opinion of another person?
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Defeat, my Defeat, my deathless courage, You and I shall laugh together with the storm, And together we shall dig graves for all that die in us, And we shall stand in the sun with a will, And we shall be dangerous.
I have read all that the wise men have written, and all the secrets of philosophy are mine, yet for want of a red rose is my life made wretched.
Good afternoon, dear Algernon, I hope you are behaving very well.
The world seemed to me finer because you were in it, and goodness more real because you lived.
It makes one so liable to be misunderstood.
It makes but little difference whether you are committed to a farm or the county jail.
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains.
Wherever there is a great property, there is great inequality.
The dim, dusty room, with the busts staring down from the tall bookcases, the cozy chairs, the globes, and best of all, the wilderness of books in which she could wander where she liked, made the library a region of bliss to her.
With a long enough lever, the world could be moved with a single finger; to sustain it needs the shoulders of Hercules.
And then, gradually, the memory of her would dissolve and vanish, until I had forgotten the maiden of my dream.
I have given him my faith, and sworn my allegiance to him; how, then, can I go back from this, and not be hanged as a traitor?
That I couldn’t conceive a position in which life would not be a misery, that we are all created to be miserable, and that we all know it, and all invent means of deceiving each other.
Scenes of blood and cruelty are shocking to our ear and heart.
You see, I am fate, it shouted, and stronger than your puny plans; and I am how-things-turn-out and I am different from your little dreams, and I am the flight of time and the end of beauty and unfulfilled desire; all the accidents and imperceptions and the little minutes that shape the crucial hours are mine.
There are no secrets better kept than the secrets everybody guesses.
Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Truly, now, said Michael Mail, clearing the corner of his throat in the manner of a man who meant to be convincing; there's a friendly tie of some sort between music and eating.
If Sara had been a boy and lived a few centuries ago, her father used to say, she would have gone about the country with her sword drawn, rescuing and defending everyone in distress.
It seems as if he had accomplished his purpose when he had taught them to be happy; and Seneca, speaking of the Roman lads in olden days, says, They were always on their feet, they were never taught anything which kept them sitting.
How can you do anything until you have seen everything, or as much as you can?
If each, I told myself, could be housed in separate identities, life would be relieved of all that was unbearable; the unjust might go his way, delivered from the aspirations and remorse of his more upright twin; and the just could walk steadfastly and securely on his upward path, doing the good things in which he found his pleasure, and no longer exposed to disgrace and penitence by the hands of this extraneous evil.
Or was it that, being as weak of sight as he was shy of mind, he drew less pleasure from the reflection of the glowing sensible world through the prism of a language manycoloured and richly storied than from the contemplation of an inner world of individual emotions mirrored perfectly in a lucid supple periodic prose?
Under cover of her silence he pressed her arm closely to his side; and, as they stood at the hotel door, he felt that they had escaped from their lives and duties, escaped from home and friends and run away together with wild and radiant hearts to a new adventure.
The manner in which Epictetus, Montaigne, and Salomon Tultie9 wrote, is the most usual, the most suggestive, the most remembered, and the oftenest quoted; because it is entirely composed of thoughts born from the common talk of life.
That he allowed the master these liberties was no reason that he should be a common dog, loving here and loving there, everybody’s property for a romp and good time.
There was a kindliness about intoxication there was that indescribable gloss and glamour it gave, like the memories of ephemeral and faded evenings.
The fire blazing in her dark and injured heart seemed to glow around her like a flame.
It’s no company at all, when people know nothing and say nothing, she muttered.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
What she does is just the contrary she fastens their eyelids open, so that they're never again in the blessed darkness.
He had known the love that is fed on caresses and feeds them; but this passion that was closer than his bones was not to be superficially satisfied.
I have always thought that a wild animal never looks so well as when some obstacle of pronounced durability is between us; a personal experience has intensified rather than diminished that idea.
I assert most unhesitatingly, that the religion of the south is a mere covering for the most horrid crimes, —a justifier of the most appalling barbarity, —a sanctifier of the most hateful frauds, —and a dark shelter under, which the darkest, foulest, grossest, and most infernal deeds of slaveholders find the strongest protection.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
In the end they come to fill out so completely the curve of his cheeks, to follow so exactly the line of his nose, they blend so harmoniously in the sound of his voice that these seem to be no more than a transparent envelope, so that each time we see the face or hear the voice it is our own ideas of him which we recognise and to which we listen.
The memory has as many moods as the temper, and shifts its scenery like a diorama.
Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life—the life which has a seed of ennobling thought and purpose within it—can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances.
I didn’t know what he was playing up to if he was playing up to anything at all and I suspect he did not know either; for it is my belief no man ever understands quite his own artful dodges to escape from the grim shadow of self-knowledge.
Not Forgive us our sins but Smite us for our iniquities should be the prayer of man to a most just God.
talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first season you will have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact.
When critics disagree, the artist is in accord with himself.
When the stars threw down their spears, And watered heaven with their tears, Did He smile His work to see?
My heart shall never be put under their microscope.
You can hardly imagine that I and Lord Bracknell would dream of allowing our only daughter—a girl brought up with the utmost care—to marry into a cloak-room, and form an alliance with a parcel?
The truth is that when one is still a child or even if one is grown up and has been well fed, and has slept long and softly and warm; when one has gone to sleep in the midst of a fairy story, and has wakened to find it real, one can not be unhappy or even look as if one were; and one could not, if one tried, keep a glow of joy out of one's eyes.
No man ever followed his genius till it misled him.
I see something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then, In the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in the glass, I find letters from God dropt in the street, and every one is sign’d by God’s name, And I leave them where they are, for I know that wheresoe’er I go, Others will punctually come for ever and ever.
While I loved, and while I was loved, what an existence I enjoyed!
Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world, he said wisely one day, but people don’t know what it is like or how to make it.
Adversity tries people, and mine has tried you and proved how nice you are.
Kill or be killed, eat or be eaten, was the law; and this mandate, down out of the depths of Time, he obeyed.
Oh, why must a man like that be made unhappy when there are lots of girls about who would worship the very ground he trod on?
I am above the weakness of seeking to establish a sequence of cause and effect, between the disaster and the atrocity.
She was pale as the white marble slab and cornice behind her; her eyes flashed large, dilated, unsmiling.
But if even that can not be, command me to disappear, and I disappear.
When the outlook is bright, bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy.
You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.
Do not interfere with an army that is returning home.
In fact you're so earnest about morality, old Georgie, that I hate to think how essentially immoral you must be underneath.
I think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude—and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating.
He almost said to himself that he did not like her, before their conversation ended; he tried so to compensate himself for the mortified feeling, that while he looked upon her with an admiration he could not repress, she looked at him with proud indifference, taking him, he thought, for what, in his irritation, he told himself he was a great rough fellow, with not a grace or a refinement about him.
It is a moral teething; and I grind with greater energy in proportion to the increase of pain.
We should be blessed if we lived in the present always, and took advantage of every accident that befell us, like the grass which confesses the influence of the slightest dew that falls on it; and did not spend our time in atoning for the neglect of past opportunities, which we call doing our duty.
You are the most earnest-looking person I ever saw in my life.
a genius in the daytime and a beauty at night!
Indeed, when I am in really great trouble, as any one who knows me intimately will tell you, I refuse everything except food and drink.
Most of all, he learned from it to listen, to pay close attention with a quiet heart, with a waiting, opened soul, without passion, without a wish, without judgement, without an opinion.
Money is like a sixth sense without which you can not make a complete use of the other five.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
Is it not so?
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
You’re always begging things to love you, he said, as if you were a beggar for love.
All those frivolities of summer, the light and shadow, the living mask of green that trembled over everything, they were lies, and this is what was underneath.
To be free, a man must be free of his brothers.
For the coming of that day shall I fight, I and my sons and my chosen friends.
Language is the most massive and inclusive art we know, a mountainous and anonymous work of unconscious generations.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow seek happiness.
Man, said the Ghost, if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered What the surplus is, and Where it is.
For, what other dungeon is so dark as one’s own heart!
In another moment she suppressed this emotion; and said with an aspect more triumphant than dejected:‘We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear.
And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness, because it was that which gave the humanity.
The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.
’Tis just: And it is very much lamented, Brutus, That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye, That you might see your shadow.
So unlike anything else, don’t you know, if you see what I mean.
There are many things in this world that a child must not ask about.
I simply felt that he lived in a depth of moral isolation too remote for casual access, and I had the sense that his loneliness was not merely the result of his personal plight, tragic as I guessed that to be, but had in it, as Harmon Gow had hinted, the profound accumulated cold of many Starkfield winters.
Soup does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people hot-tempered, she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new kind of rule, and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children sweet-tempered.
It appeared that nobody ever said a thing they meant, or ever talked of a feeling they felt, but that was what music was for.
Many words have been granted me, and some are wise, and some are false, but only three are holy: I will it!
VII WINTER lies too long in country towns; hangs on until it is stale and shabby, old and sullen.
John’s, for instance, had a lagoon with flamingoes flying over it at which John was shooting, while Michael, who was very small, had a flamingo with lagoons flying over it.
I think of you so often you have no idea.
Thus, fear of danger is ten thousand times more terrifying than danger itself, when apparent to the eyes; and we find the burden of anxiety greater, by much, than the evil which we are anxious about: and what was worse than all this, I had not that relief in this trouble that from the resignation I used to practise I hoped to have.
No pins were ever stuck into their cotton vitals, no harsh words or blows were ever given them, no neglect ever saddened the heart of the most repulsive, but all were fed and clothed, nursed and caressed with an affection which never failed.
Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one’s spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
I would far rather have two or three lilies of the valley gathered for me by a person I like, than the most expensive bouquet that could be bought!
I don’t believe there’s a man in Milton who knows how to sit still; and it is a great art.
Is there no remedy?
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
Prejudices are the real robbers; vices are the real murderers.
He says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Chapter XVII Doubts and Fears We learn of great things by little experiences.
She says it has nothing to do with what you look like, or what you have.
We have had to agree on a certain set of rules, called etiquette and politeness, to make this frequent meeting tolerable and that we need not come to open war.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Most people become bankrupt through having invested too heavily in the prose of life.
But the happiness of a married man, my dear Gerald, depends on the people he has not married.
I want to cut off her head and take out her heart.
How often we sin, how much we deceive, and all for what?
Children can feel, but they can not analyse their feelings; and if the analysis is partially effected in thought, they know not how to express the result of the process in words.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
In our nature, however, there is a provision, alike marvellous and merciful, that the sufferer should never know the intensity of what he endures by its present torture, but chiefly by the pang that rankles after it.
There is nothing, Umbopa, that he can not do, there are no mountains he may not climb, there are no deserts he can not cross, save a mountain and a desert of which you are spared the knowledge, if love leads him and he holds his life in his hands counting it as nothing, ready to keep it or lose it as Heaven above may order.
And I can’t admit of an old boy of a God who takes walks in his garden with a cane in his hand, who lodges his friends in the belly of whales, dies uttering a cry, and rises again at the end of three days; things absurd in themselves, and completely opposed, moreover, to all physical laws, which prove to us, by the way, that priests have always wallowed in turpid ignorance, in which they would fain engulf the people with them.
Death lies on her like an untimely frost Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points; Sheridan once explained the reason of General Grant’s victories by saying that while his opponents were kept fully employed wondering what he was going to do, _he_ was thinking most of what he was going to do himself.
And perhaps in this is the whole difference; perhaps all the wisdom, and all truth, and all sincerity, are just compressed into that inappreciable moment of time in which we step over the threshold of the invisible.
Why, she would hang on him As if increase of appetite had grown By what it fed on; and yet, within a month— Let me not think on’t—Frailty, thy name is woman!
Though their life was modest they believed in eating well; the best of everything: diamond-bone sirloins, three-shilling tea and the best bottled stout.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide.
There was no use in trying to emancipate a wife who had not the dimmest notion that she was not free; and he had long since discovered that May's only use of the liberty she supposed herself to possess would be to lay it on the altar of her wifely adoration.
An Englishman reading them would say that Caesar was a man of great common sense and good taste, meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Darkness is cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
What other people may think of the rightness or wrongness is nothing in comparison to my own deep knowledge, my innate conviction that it was wrong.
He knelt by her side, to bring his face to a level with her ear; and whispered panted out the words: Take care.
He had sunk from his modest elevation as pastoral king into the very slime-pits of Siddim; but there was left to him a dignified calm he had never before known, and that indifference to fate which, though it often makes a villain of a man, is the basis of his sublimity when it does not.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
In one word, Queequeg, said I, rather digressively; hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.
No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
The sun came up on the way, and the swamp maples and dogwood glowed crimson and orange and the stone walls and cornfields sparkled with hoar frost; the air was keen and clear and full of promise.
And yet, because I love thee, I obtain From that same love this vindicating grace To live on still in love, and yet in vain, — To bless thee, yet renounce thee to thy face.
Each man lives for himself, using his freedom to attain his personal aims, and feels with his whole being that he can now do or abstain from doing this or that action; but as soon as he has done it, that action performed at a certain moment in time becomes irrevocable and belongs to history, in which it has not a free but a predestined significance.
It has taken such deep root in me—my gratitude to him for always loving me best, and minding so much if I hurt myself, from the time when we were very little.
No one so dislikes being punished unjustly as the person who might have been punished justly on scores of previous occasions, if he had only been found out.
It is a peculiarity of situations of this kind that the ideas of debtor and creditor as to what constitutes a good time never coincide.
I have been Heaven’s substitute to recompense the good—now the god of vengeance yields to me his power to punish the wicked!
And then all this immense expense of art, that seems somehow to lie outside life and make it no better for the world, pains one.
He could not forget in a day all the evil that had been wrought him at the hands of men.
And yet you dare to open the books, to listen to beautiful music, to learn to love beautiful paintings, to speak good English, to think thoughts that none of your own kind thinks, to tear yourself away from the oxen and the Lizzie Connollys and to love a pale spirit of a woman who is a million miles beyond you and who lives in the stars!
It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia, normally as genial a bird as ever encouraged a gaggle of hounds to get their noses down to it, lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them.
Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.
Once you teach people to say what they do not understand, it is easy enough to get them to say anything you like.
There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing, perhaps, Margaret thought, the very robin that her father had so often talked of as his winter pet, and for which he had made, with his own hands, a kind of robin-house by his study-window.
Fuchs told me that the sunflowers were introduced into that country by the Mormons; that at the time of the persecution, when they left Missouri and struck out into the wilderness to find a place where they could worship God in their own way, the members of the first exploring party, crossing the plains to Utah, scattered sunflower seed as they went.
Those who have much are often greedy; those who have little always share.
Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven or to hell.
And when we consider that other theory of the natural philosophers, that all other earthly hues—every stately or lovely emblazoning—the sweet tinges of sunset skies and woods; yea, and the gilded velvets of butterflies, and the butterfly cheeks of young girls; all these are but subtile deceits, not actually inherent in substances, but only laid on from without; so that all deified Nature absolutely paints like the harlot, whose allurements cover nothing but the charnel-house within; and when we proceed further, and consider that the mystical cosmetic which produces every one of her hues, the great principle of light, for ever remains white or colorless in itself, and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch all objects, even tulips and roses, with its own blank tinge—pondering all this, the palsied universe lies before us a leper; and like wilful travellers in Lapland, who refuse to wear coloured and colouring glasses upon their eyes, so the wretched infidel gazes himself blind at the monumental white shroud that wraps all the prospect around him.
To discover the mode of life or of art whereby your spirit could express itself in unfettered freedom.
Give thy thoughts no tongue, Nor any unproportion’d thought his act.
Now I know that no one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
You can lose a friend in springtime easier than any other season if you’re too curious.
Ah Bartleby!
I am going to say a mad thing to you: I once had a little dog who looked at me with a sad look when I coughed; that is the only creature I ever loved.
This courtesan who had cost more money in bouquets than would have kept a whole family in comfort, would sometimes sit on the grass for an hour, examining the simple flower whose name she bore.
People, in that case, are less conscious of the horrible pressure that is being put on them, and so go through their lives in a sort of coarse comfort, like petted animals, without ever realising that they are probably thinking other people’s thoughts, living by other people’s standards, wearing practically what one may call other people’s second-hand clothes, and never being themselves for a single moment.
Nature is as well adapted to our weakness as to our strength.
It is in the brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place also.
Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise.
Many besides Angel have learnt that the magnitude of lives is not as to their external displacements, but as to their subjective experiences.
O my love, my wife, Death that hath suck’d the honey of thy breath, Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
You mustn’t ask too much of human endurance, one must be merciful.
But being in love doesn’t mean loving.
Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour, Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of absence sour, When you have bid your servant once adieu; Nor dare I question with my jealous thought Where you may be, or your affairs suppose, But, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought Save, where you are, how happy you make those.
't is in ourselves that we are thus and thus.
She could not but admit that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
A woman can forgive a man for the harm he does her, he said, but she can never forgive him for the sacrifices he makes on her account.
I am glad to say that, though I was crying, I was able to look into Mr. Morris's brave eyes, and I told him out straight:'Yes, there is some one I love, though he has not told me yet that he even loves me.'
I have felt lately, more and more, that my present way of living is bad in every respect.
True love rules above all through recollection.
You concede nothing to me and I have to concede everything to you.
Neither could you if you was as poor as me.
And as mere human knowledge can split a ray of light and analyse the manner of its composition, so, sublimer intelligences may read in the feeble shining of this earth of ours, every thought and act, every vice and virtue, of every responsible creature on it.
Then only was he permitted to be seen, spectacularly poring over large books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the general weight of the establishment.
It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
Then there is least somnolence in us; and for an hour, at least, some part of us awakes which slumbers all the rest of the day and night.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
No one ever does, except vegetarians and people like that.
When I came hither I slipped in blood, which is an evil omen; and I heard, I am sure I heard in the air a beating of wings, a beating of giant wings.
The same escape, the same short numbing is what the driver of an ox-cart finds in the inn, drinking a few bowls of rice-wine or fermented coconut-milk.
If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst.
For myself, I always assume that a lion is ferocious, and so I am never caught off my guard.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX ARTISTIC ATTEMPTS It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
It was the old New York way of taking life without effusion of blood: the way of people who dreaded scandal more than disease, who placed decency above courage, and who considered that nothing was more ill-bred than scenes, except the behaviour of those who gave rise to them.
I had rather laze about and think of all the fine things that can be done.
I have no patience with the modern neurotic girl who jazzes from morning to night, smokes like a chimney, and uses language which would make a Billingsgate fishwoman blush!
I had neither kith nor kin in England, and was therefore as free as air or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be.
He remarks that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty.
Dr. Mortimer looked strangely at us for an instant, and his voice sank almost to a whisper as he answered.
It was merely the natural desire of a good-hearted young man to be decently chummy with his species.
All these traces of his life seemed to clutch him, and to say to him: No, you’re not going to get away from us, and you’re not going to be different, but you’re going to be the same as you’ve always been; with doubts, everlasting dissatisfaction with yourself, vain efforts to amend, and falls, and everlasting expectation, of a happiness which you won’t get, and which isn’t possible for you.
Have you ever been turned down by a girl who afterwards married and then been introduced to her husband?
THE END THE TALE OF THE FLOPSY BUNNIES FOR ALL LITTLE FRIENDS OF MR. McGREGOR & PETER & BENJAMIN IT is said that the effect of eating too much lettuce is soporific.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
My love has placed her little hand With noble faith in mine, And vowed that wedlock’s sacred band Our nature shall entwine.
100 Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!
For pleasure has no relish unless we share it.
They all dreamt of each other that night, as was natural, considering how thin the partitions were between them, and how strangely they had been lifted off the earth to sit next each other in mid-ocean, and see every detail of each other’s faces, and hear whatever they chanced to say.
Few things hold the perceptions more thoroughly captive than anxiety about what we have got to say.
Marlow ceased, and sat apart, indistinct and silent, in the pose of a meditating Buddha.
_Seb._ Look, he’s winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
Very likely they do, said I; their shallow minds can hold no great ideas, and their light heads are carried away by trivialities that would not move a better-furnished skull; and their only alternative to such discourse is to plunge over head and ears into the slough of scandal—which is their chief delight.
And as I stand here at the door of glory, I look behind me for the last time.
And he himself, in so far as he shows himself in a false light, becomes a shadow, or, indeed, ceases to exist.
It is a curious subject of observation and inquiry, whether hatred and love be not the same thing at bottom.
She had been bored all the afternoon by Percy Gryce the mere thought seemed to waken an echo of his droning voice but she could not ignore him on the morrow, she must follow up her success, must submit to more boredom, must be ready with fresh compliances and adaptabilities, and all on the bare chance that he might ultimately decide to do her the honour of boring her for life.
My dear Algy, you talk exactly as if you were a dentist.
Nothing annoys people so much as not receiving invitations.
You love the beauty that you can see and touch and handle, the beauty that you can destroy, and do destroy, but of the unseen beauty of life, of the unseen beauty of a higher life, you know nothing.
It’s as demoralising as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
Most men, even in this comparatively free country, through mere ignorance and mistake, are so occupied with the factitious cares and superfluously coarse labors of life that its finer fruits can not be plucked by them.
There will never be a really free and enlightened State, until the State comes to recognize the individual as a higher and independent power, from which all its own power and authority are derived, and treats him accordingly.
Skipping school isn't a crime.
To reflect that each one who enters imagines himself to be the first to enter whereas he is always the last term of a preceding series even if the first term of a succeeding one, each imagining himself to be first, last, only and alone whereas he is neither first nor last nor only nor alone in a series originating in and repeated to infinity.
We can not enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the designs of our neighbours.
Moreover, this proves that one can be a fine genius, and yet understand nothing of an art to which one does not belong.
Better be happy old maids than unhappy wives, or unmaidenly girls, running about to find husbands, said Mrs. March decidedly.
This is peculiarly an age in which each of us may, if we do but search diligently, find the literature suited to his mental powers.
For, so inconsistent is human nature, especially in the ideal, that not to undertake a thing at all seems better than to undertake and come short.
But, as he told her, the more he did nothing, the less time he had to do anything.
I sought her eye, desirous to read there the intelligence which I could not discern in her face or hear in her conversation; it was merry, rather small; by turns I saw vivacity, vanity, coquetry, look out through its irid, but I watched in vain for a glimpse of soul.
While the flowers, pale and unreal in the moonlight, floated away upon the river; and thus do greater things that once were in our breasts, and near our hearts, flow from us to the eternal seas.
I daresay it seems foolish; perhaps all our earthly trials will appear foolish to us after a while; perhaps they seem so now to angels.
With such a hell in your heart and your head, how can you?
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
Some day, Utterson, after I am dead, you may perhaps come to learn the right and wrong of this.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
a thousand weepers, praying in agony on waiting shores, listened for that voice, but it was not uttered—not uttered till; when the hush came, some could not feel it: till, when the sun returned, his light was night to some!
But, tears were not the things to find their way to Mr. Bumble’s soul; his heart was waterproof.
She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that its light can be here on earth.
Shows what a rotten thing it is to let your brain develop too much.
And yet, unless my senses deceive me, the old centuries had, and have, powers of their own which mere modernity can not kill.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
Chapter II: In Santa Croce with No Baedeker It was pleasant to wake up in Florence, to open the eyes upon a bright bare room, with a floor of red tiles which look clean though they are not; with a painted ceiling whereon pink griffins and blue amorini sport in a forest of yellow violins and bassoons.
Perhaps kind thoughts reach people somehow, even through windows and doors and walls.
Trees were so rare in that country, and they had to make such a hard fight to grow, that we used to feel anxious about them, and visit them as if they were persons.
(It is wonderful what tricks our dreams play us, and how conveniently we can imagine.)
That would be a promotion if it were not that I remain as ridiculous in their eyes as before.
Whereupon Anne arose, took the pink heart gingerly between the tips of her fingers, dropped it on the floor, ground it to powder beneath her heel, and resumed her position without deigning to bestow a glance on Gilbert.
I never told my love vocally; still, if looks have language, the merest idiot might have guessed I was over head and ears: she understood me at last, and looked a return—the sweetest of all imaginable looks.
Your cold blood can not be worked into a fever: your veins are full of ice-water; but mine are boiling, and the sight of such chillness makes them dance.
They belonged to the vast group of human automata who go through life without neglecting to perform a single one of the gestures executed by the surrounding puppets.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN A TELEGRAM November is the most disagreeable month in the whole year, said Margaret, standing at the window one dull afternoon, looking out at the frostbitten garden.
Mark this: as long as people are afraid, they will rot like the birches in the marsh.
You can ensure the safety of your defence if you only hold positions that can not be attacked.
To say she was so occupied is to say that her solitude did not press upon her; for her love of knowledge had a fertilising quality and her imagination was strong.
I was not really angry: I felt for him all the time, and longed to be reconciled; but I determined he should make the first advances, or at least show some signs of an humble and contrite spirit first; for, if I began, it would only minister to his self-conceit, increase his arrogance, and quite destroy the lesson I wanted to give him.
They were simply so many bags of bones in which sparks of life fluttered faintly.
Once down, that was the end of you.
_Mon ami___, two people rarely see the same thing.
Marvellous are the innocent.
He sits motionless, like a spider in the centre of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
He fumbles at your spirit As players at the keys Before they drop full music on; He stuns you by degrees, Prepares your brittle substance For the ethereal blow, By fainter hammers, further heard, Then nearer, then so slow Your breath has time to straighten, Your brain to bubble cool, Deals one imperial thunderbolt That scalps your naked soul.
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
When shall we three meet again?
A little water clears us of this deed: How easy is it then!
But that a joy past joy calls out on me, It were a grief so brief to part with thee.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
