Without music life would be a mistake.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; And therefore is wing’d Cupid painted blind.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends.
When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
A lady’s imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.
You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
I had rather be a _thing_ than an angel.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Mama, the more I know of the world, the more am I convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
It was merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Why, then’tis none to you; for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
If all else perished, and _he_ remained, _I_ should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger: I should not seem a part of it.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Come gentle night, come loving black-brow’d night, Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night, And pay no worship to the garish sun.
It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
If you look for perfection, you will never be satisfied.
To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence.
With freedom, flowers, books, and the moon, who could not be perfectly happy?
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
But I hate to hear you talking so like a fine gentleman, and as if women were all fine ladies, instead of rational creatures.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
I have loved none but you.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
What are young men to rocks and mountains?
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others.
I don’t want to be at the mercy of my emotions.
I can resist everything except temptation.
There are darknesses in life, and there are lights; you are one of the lights.
I couldn't tell; it mightn't be anything at all; you can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
She was a vixen when she went to school, And though she be but little, she is fierce.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
All women become like their mothers.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance, Phipps.
only _do_ not leave me in this abyss, where I can not find you!
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
And yet I wish but for the thing I have; My bounty is as boundless as the sea, My love as deep; the more I give to thee, The more I have, for both are infinite.
It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
I’m so glad I live in a world where there are white frosts, aren’t you?
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them, Mr. Erskine.
I wish I were a girl again, half savage and hardy, and free; and laughing at injuries, not maddening under them!
I don’t think, sir, you have a right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.
The Night Shadows A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
I don’t know how long it will last, but I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning how to sail my ship.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one’s self, and one always ends by deceiving others.
For aught that I could ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I’ll go to it laughing.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
We learn from failure, not from success!
Because I think that life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
And O there are days in this life, worth life and worth death.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike.
Think you’re escaping and run into yourself.
If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn’t love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
Not knowing when the dawn will come I open every door; Or has it feathers like a bird, Or billows like a shore?
Picture: Decorative graphic Yet each man kills the thing he loves, By each let this be heard, Some do it with a bitter look, Some with a flattering word, The coward does it with a kiss, The brave man with a sword!
I did not betray Mr. Kurtz—it was ordered I should never betray him—it was written I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice.
Always try to keep a patch of sky above your life, little boy, he added, turning to me.
To lose one parent, Mr. Worthing, may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose both looks like carelessness.
Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion.
At least I know who I was when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
And I pray one prayer—I repeat it till my tongue stiffens—Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living; you said I killed you—haunt me, then!
You know I have.
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
CHAPTER XXXVIII—CONCLUSION Reader, I married him.
Parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating.
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the society of clever women.
_My_ affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever.
I'd rather sing one wild song and burst my heart with it, than live a thousand years watching my digestion and being afraid of the wet.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice.
They’re a rotten crowd, I shouted across the lawn.
If the caveman had known how to laugh, history would have been different.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love; and very lively hopes of Mr. Bingley’s heart were entertained.
And when I got it it turned to dust in my hands.
Live the wonderful life that is in you!
Am I alive and a reality, or am I but a dream?
Anne smiled and said, My idea of good company, Mr Elliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people, who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
She went on: From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear.
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilised by education: they grow there, firm as weeds among stones.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be.
Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations.
Ferreting in one’s soul, one often ferrets out something that might have lain there unnoticed.
Amabel did both: they are not the same thing, as you will see if you think the matter over.
I can not make speeches, Emma: he soon resumed; and in a tone of such sincere, decided, intelligible tenderness as was tolerably convincing.—If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbours, and laugh at them in our turn?
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
They seemed to be able to give a plastic form to formless things, and to have a music of their own as sweet as that of viol or of lute.
For man has closed himself up, till he sees all things through narrow chinks of his cavern.
There is only one big thing desire.
One is not to get your heart's desire.
I had not intended to love him; the reader knows I had wrought hard to extirpate from my soul the germs of love there detected; and now, at the first renewed view of him, they spontaneously arrived, green and strong!
But there are moments when one has to choose between living one’s own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
_Aside._ Though this be madness, yet there is a method in’t.— Will you walk out of the air, my lord?
The greatest thing in the world is for a man to know that he is his own.
There must have been moments even that afternoon when Daisy tumbled short of his dreams—not through her own fault, but because of the colossal vitality of his illusion.
Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
I always deserve the best treatment, because I never put up with any other; and, therefore, you must give me a plain, direct answer.
And so do I. I’ve dreamt in my life dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas: they’ve gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the colour of my mind.
I gave him my heart, and he took and pinched it to death, and flung it back to me.
There is no sin except stupidity.
It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
They spoke very little of their mutual feeling; pretty phrases and warm expressions being probably unnecessary between such tried friends.
Object is no expense.
If that's all you have for me you'd better go.
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.
At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be infinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable.
He heard what her eyes said to him from beneath their cowl and knew that in some dim past, whether in life or reverie, he had heard their tale before.
May you never appeal to Heaven in prayers so hopeless and so agonised as in that hour left my lips; for never may you, like me, dread to be the instrument of evil to what you wholly love.
It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda; or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
So we drove on toward death through the cooling twilight.
He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars and over the face of dead matter that did not move.
I can not forget the follies and vices of others so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
Your mother will never see you again if you do _not_ marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you _do_.
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book.
All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
The soul, fortunately, has an interpreter—often an unconscious, but still a truthful interpreter—in the eye.
We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.
At the enchanted metropolitan twilight I felt a haunting loneliness sometimes, and felt it in others—poor young clerks who loitered in front of windows waiting until it was time for a solitary restaurant dinner—young clerks in the dusk, wasting the most poignant moments of night and life.
He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God.
I have to remind myself to breathe—almost to remind my heart to beat!
No amount of fire or freshness can challenge what a man can store up in his ghostly heart.
It is a capital mistake to theorise before one has data.
It is never of any use to oneself.
My very soul demands you: it will be satisfied, or it will take deadly vengeance on its frame.
The good ended happily, and the bad unhappily.
And it is better so.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.
I was not born to be forced.
It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
For my part, I read only to please myself.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can’t find them, make them.
Next to being married, a girl likes to be crossed a little in love now and then.
—History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing, it is always from the noblest motives.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Let them think what they liked, but I didn’t mean to drown myself.
I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.
Man is the vainest of all creatures that have their being upon earth.
But the actual result is that when two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
My love for Linton is like the foliage in the woods: time will change it, I’m well aware, as winter changes the trees.
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
I’d rather take coffee than compliments just now.
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken; but where, as in this case, though the conduct is mistaken, the feelings are not, it may not be very material.—Mr.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it call itself my home, my fatherland, or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use—silence, exile and cunning.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing, Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before; But the silence was unbroken, and the darkness gave no token, And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, Lenore!
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
It is exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
Things do not change; we change.
You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
Whatever we had missed, we possessed together the precious, the incommunicable past.
The distance is nothing, when one has a motive; only three miles.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Their eyes met, and they stared together at each other, alone in space.
Moral wounds have this peculiarity, —they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.
The longest way must have its close, —the gloomiest night will wear on to a morning.
It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
He never loses patience, never doubts or complains, but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him.
This was very pleasant; there is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
In this world there are only two tragedies.
it is an ever-fixed mark, That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth’s unknown, although his height be taken.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Melancholy were the sounds on a winter's night.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
If I had such a memory as Benwick, I could bring you fifty quotations in a moment on my side the argument, and I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy.
No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself, and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
I’ve got the key to my castle in the air, but whether I can unlock the door remains to be seen, observed Jo mysteriously.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
He did not care if she was heartless, vicious and vulgar, stupid and grasping, he loved her.
Well I know that thou wouldst have loved me, and the mystery of love is greater than the mystery of death.
You want nothing but patience—or give it a more fascinating name, call it hope.
Just as soon as you attain to one ambition you see another one glittering higher up still.
Peace is always beautiful, The myth of heaven indicates peace and night.
I wish as well as every body else to be perfectly happy; but, like every body else it must be in my own way.
And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays.
What’s done can not be undone.
Love Jo all your days, if you choose, but don’t let it spoil you, for it’s wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can’t have the one you want.
There is a moment—Oh, just before the first kiss, a whispered word—something that makes it worth while.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
There was a long hard time when I kept far from me the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth.
Those who restrain desire, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained; and the restrainer or reason usurps its place and governs the unwilling.
They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
What you do in this world is a matter of no consequence, returned my companion, bitterly.
My happiness is not the means to any end.
Good-night, my— He stopped, bit his lip, and abruptly left me.
If it is asserted that civilization is a real advance in the condition of man, —and I think that it is, though only the wise improve their advantages, —it must be shown that it has produced better dwellings without making them more costly; and the cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour; stringent are they; inviolate they shall be.
I am longing to be with you, and by the sea, where we can talk together freely and build our castles in the air.
And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake, and perhaps as long as eternity too.
That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, —or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet Are of imagination all compact: One sees more devils than vast hell can hold; That is the madman: the lover, all as frantic, Sees Helen’s beauty in a brow of Egypt: The poet’s eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven; And as imagination bodies forth The forms of things unknown, the poet’s pen Turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name.
do anything rather than marry without affection.
Better sleep with a sober cannibal than a drunken Christian.
Go safely; and leave something of the happiness you bring!
There are many Beths in the world, shy and quiet, sitting in corners till needed, and living for others so cheerfully that no one sees the sacrifices till the little cricket on the hearth stops chirping, and the sweet, sunshiny presence vanishes, leaving silence and shadow behind.
This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Don’t laugh at the spinsters, dear girls, for often very tender, tragic romances are hidden away in the hearts that beat so quietly under the sober gowns, and many silent sacrifices of youth, health, ambition, love itself, make the faded faces beautiful in God’s sight.
The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them.
You use a glass mirror to see your face: you use works of art to see your soul.
There are many humorous things in the world; among them the white man's notion that he is less savage than the other savages.
And when one of them meets with his other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy, and one will not be out of the other's sight, as I may say, even for a moment: these are the people who pass their whole lives together; yet they could not explain what they desire of one another.
The most terrible thing about it is not that it breaks one's heart hearts are made to be broken but that it turns one's heart to stone.
Mary wished to say something very sensible, but knew not how.
If I am occasionally a little over-dressed, I make up for it by being always immensely over-educated.
But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.
If a man hasn't what's necessary to make a woman love him, it's his fault, not hers.
Those who do not complain are never pitied.
That points clearly to a political career.
The only difference between a caprice and a lifelong passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
Good night, sweet prince, And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits, and Are melted into air, into thin air: 150 And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve, And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, 155 Leave not a rack behind.
He remembered it in this form perhaps he had unconsciously arranged and polished it: A woman should be able to kiss a man beautifully and romantically without any desire to be either his wife or his mistress.
I say it just Begins to live That day.
It has often and confidently been asserted, that man’s origin can never be known: but ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
To think with pleasure of his niece’s husband having a large ecclesiastical income was one thing—to make a Liberal speech was another thing; and it is a narrow mind which can not look at a subject from various points of view.
Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
Who dares think one thing, and another tell, My heart detests him as the gates of hell.
I knew nothing but shadows, and I thought them real.
This is nothing, cried she: I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow seek happiness.
O teach me how I should forget to think.
Who could refrain, That had a heart to love, and in that heart Courage to make’s love known?
There are people, who the more you do for them, the less they will do for themselves.
My way of joking is to tell the truth.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
I said his heaven would be only half alive; and he said mine would be drunk: I said I should fall asleep in his; and he said he could not breathe in mine, and began to grow very snappish.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
It is so much more real than life.
Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.
I’ve been drunk for about a week now, and I thought it might sober me up to sit in a library.
I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
It is difficult for a woman to define her feelings in language which is chiefly made by men to express theirs.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
I hope you have not been leading a double life, pretending to be wicked and being really good all the time.
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
She is very clever, too clever for a woman.
At least I know who I was when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
Come gentle night, come loving black-brow’d night, Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night, And pay no worship to the garish sun.
If Nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that warm things, kind things, sweet things help and comfort and laughter and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
All is best as they are.
I certainly have not the talent which some people possess, said Darcy, of conversing easily with those I have never seen before.
She had not known the weight, until she felt the freedom!
To recapitulate then: —I would define, in brief, the Poetry of words as _The Rhythmical Creation of Beauty.
and turning round, he looked for a moment at Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said, She is tolerable; but not handsome enough to tempt _me_; and I am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men.
If you love me, as you say, she whispered, do so that I may be at peace.
Upon my word, I would think that finances and all the rest of it are an invention of the devil; only that a belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago.
No one who can read, ever looks at a book, even unopened on a shelf, like one who can not.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us.
She wished at the same time to die and to live in Paris.
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
At the age of eleven or thereabouts women acquire a poise and an ability to handle difficult situations which a man, if he is lucky, manages to achieve somewhere in the later seventies.
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined for life—to strengthen each other in all labour, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like!
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward.
I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul.
One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
We women, as some one says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your eyes, if you ever love at all.
There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare.
My child, the troubles and temptations of your life are beginning and may be many, but you can overcome and outlive them all if you learn to feel the strength and tenderness of your Heavenly Father as you do that of your earthly one.
I’m restless as the devil and have a horror of getting fat or falling in love and growing domestic.
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Who’s the man that says that we’re all islands shouting lies to each other across seas of misunderstanding?
In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagvat Geeta, since whose composition years of the gods have elapsed, and in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial; and I doubt if that philosophy is not to be referred to a previous state of existence, so remote is its sublimity from our conceptions.
Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus, and we petty men Walk under his huge legs, and peep about To find ourselves dishonourable graves.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
It would be mortifying to the feelings of many ladies, could they be made to understand how little the heart of man is affected by what is costly or new in their attire; how little it is biased by the texture of their muslin, and how unsusceptible of peculiar tenderness towards the spotted, the sprigged, the mull, or the jackonet.
The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
The real loneliness is living among all these kind people who only ask one to pretend!
All men want, not something to _do with_, but something to _do_, or rather something to _be_.
If men could see us as we really are, they would be a little amazed; but the cleverest, the acutest men are often under an illusion about women.
Once for all; I loved her none the less because I knew it, and it had no more influence in restraining me than if I had devoutly believed her to be human perfection.
You are a story I am a story.
Watch and pray, dear, never get tired of trying, and never think it is impossible to conquer your fault, said Mrs. March, drawing the blowzy head to her shoulder and kissing the wet cheek so tenderly that Jo cried even harder.
O that I were a glove upon that hand, That I might touch that cheek.
I’m never sure what I’m going to be, from one minute to another!
You gave too much rein to your imagination.
At eighteen our convictions are hills from which we look; at forty-five they are caves in which we hide.
Pierre was right when he said one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and now I do believe in it.
He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears.
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us.
How can you sit there, calmly eating muffins when we are in this horrible trouble, I can’t make out.
Our wretched species is so made that those who walk on the well-trodden path always throw stones at those who are showing a new road.
Blame it or praise it, there is no denying the wild horse in us.
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.
He must have looked up at an unfamiliar sky through frightening leaves and shivered as he found what a grotesque thing a rose is and how raw the sunlight was upon the scarcely created grass.
Beauty to her, as to all who have felt, lay not in the thing, but in what the thing symbolized.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody’s expense but his own.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
Remember, my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker.
The lady protests too much, methinks.
The cruellest lies are often told in silence.
She was dazzling alight; it was agony to comprehend her beauty in a glance.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves.
I hate such things, and though I think I’ve a right to be hurt, I don’t intend to show it.
It is only shallow people who do not judge by appearances.
Men will not be nice to you if you are not good-looking, and women will not be nice to you if you are.
Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered Listen, a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
Better be without sense, than misapply it as you do.
The last hours were certainly very painful, replied Anne; but when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
And, as I am an honest Puck, If we have unearned luck Now to’scape the serpent’s tongue, We will make amends ere long; Else the Puck a liar call.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
I see you everywhere, in the stars, in the river; to me you’re everything that exists; the reality of everything.
It’s hard to love a woman and do anything.
I hate people who are not serious about meals.
No one person in the world is necessary to you or to me.
I remember having read somewhere, in some strange book, that when the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
Had I been in love, I could not have been more wretchedly blind!
When a woman marries again, it is because she detested her first husband.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague.
I do not want to kill and dissect myself any longer, to find a secret behind the ruins.
Listlessly Anthony dropped into a chair, his mind tired tired with nothing, tired with everything, with the world's weight he had never chosen to bear.
Harry, said Mrs. Maylie, it is because I think so much of warm and sensitive hearts, that I would spare them from being wounded.
3 Jeeves and the Unbidden Guest I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare or, if not, it's some equally brainy bird who says that it's always just when a fellow is feeling particularly braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with the bit of lead piping.
And I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world.
What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
Never tell all you know not even to the person you know best.
No, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one’s existence—that which makes its truth, its meaning—its subtle and penetrating essence.
But smiles and tears are so alike with me, they are neither of them confined to any particular feelings: I often cry when I am happy, and smile when I am sad.
I always find it more difficult to say the things I mean than the things I don't.
Have regular hours for work and play, make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well.
If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, the possibility of life is destroyed.
The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves.
Oh, it’s always the same, she sighed, if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it.
Pronounce this sentence then, Women may fall, when there’s no strength in men.
I am only resolved to act in that manner, which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without reference to _you_, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me.
I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
She guessed a woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty that he had meant to go from the first, and with Mrs. Hauksbee.
said Candide, it is the madness of maintaining that everything is right when it is wrong.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
I was once reproved by a minister who was driving a poor beast to some meeting-house horse-sheds among the hills of New Hampshire, because I was bending my steps to a mountain-top on the Sabbath, instead of a church, when I would have gone farther than he to hear a true word spoken on that or any day.
A man does not recover from such a devotion of the heart to such a woman.
Aside So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
If ever I get married, I’ll certainly try to forget the fact.
I have always had more dread of a pen, a bottle of ink, and a sheet of paper, than of a sword or pistol.
Compared to the great distance that had separated him from Daisy it had seemed very near to her, almost touching her.
There are chords in the hearts of the most reckless which can not be touched without emotion.
the strength of women comes from the fact that psychology can not explain us.
Death should take me while I am in the mood, replied I, with a little of my customary levity.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be observed in them for ever.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
He soon felt that the realization of his desires gave him no more than a grain of sand out of the mountain of happiness he had expected.
People go on marrying because they can’t resist natural forces, although many of them may know perfectly well that they are possibly buying a month’s pleasure with a life’s discomfort.
O Miss Manette, when the little picture of a happy father’s face looks up in yours, when you see your own bright beauty springing up anew at your feet, think now and then that there is a man who would give his life, to keep a life you love beside you!
Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness.
Misfortunes one can endure—they come from outside, they are accidents.
Love is a possible strength in an actual weakness.
It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
Too proud to supplicate or seek explanation, he threw himself at once into a whirl of fashionable society, and in a fortnight from the time of the fatal letter was the accepted lover of the reigning belle of the season; and as soon as arrangements could be made, he became the husband of a fine figure, a pair of bright dark eyes, and a hundred thousand dollars; and, of course, everybody thought him a happy fellow.
I am satisfied.
WHITE QUEEN It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
They get up early, because they have so much to do, and go to bed early, because they have so little to think about.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos.
Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are.
I try all things; I achieve what I can.
It seemed that the only lover she had ever wanted was a lover in a dream.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
I don’t know what, but I’m on the watch for it, and mean to astonish you all some day.
Yet, mad am I not—and very surely do I not dream.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
He had the appearance of one who has searched for the leak in life's gas-pipe with a lighted candle; of one whom the clenched fist of Fate has smitten beneath the temperamental third waistcoat-button.
Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
In matters of grave importance, style, not sincerity is the vital thing.
She hoped to be wise and reasonable in time; but alas!
Yes; I can not speak well enough to be unintelligible.
So damned hard, so damned hard, he repeated aimlessly; it just hurts people and hurts people, until finally it hurts them so that they can't be hurt ever any more.
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free.
One need not be a chamber to be haunted, One need not be a house; The brain has corridors surpassing Material place.
Don’t try to make me grow up before my time, Meg.
I must be cruel, only to be kind: Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
To believe in things that you can not.
The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
I'm not sure what I'll do, but well, I want to go places and see people.
And, of course, men know best about everything, except what women know better.
I AM BORN Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
Follies and nonsense, whims and inconsistencies, _do_ divert me, I own, and I laugh at them whenever I can.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
The exhilarating ripple of her voice was a wild tonic in the rain.
It is ever so much easier to be good if your clothes are fashionable.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
It was my hunger for your love that raged from the housetop, while my own love, kneeling in silence, prayed your forgiveness.
I also say it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside, and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, Oh, nothing!
The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself—that comes too late—a crop of unextinguishable regrets.
I would prefer not to, said he.
He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again.
We can't behave like people in novels, though, can we?
If there is one person I dislike, it is the man who tries to air his grievances when I wish to air mine.
I love you.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
I know a bank where the wild thyme blows, Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows, Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine, With sweet musk-roses, and with eglantine.
It made her think that it was curious how much nicer a person looked when he smiled.
HENRY JAMES THE PORTRAIT OF A LADY CHAPTER I Under certain circumstances there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
I hold myself supremely blest—blest beyond what language can express; because I am my husband’s life as fully as he is mine.
I lov’d Ophelia; forty thousand brothers Could not, with all their quantity of love, Make up my sum.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad on a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
She was convinced that she could have been happy with him, when it was no longer likely they should meet.
Love, whether newly born, or aroused from a death-like slumber, must always create a sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, that it overflows upon the outward world.
I love to hear her speak, yet well I know That music hath a far more pleasing sound: I grant I never saw a goddess go, My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground: And yet by heaven, I think my love as rare, As any she belied with false compare.
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
Something magical has happened to me, like a dream, when you’re frightened, panic-stricken, and all of a sudden you wake up and all the horrors are no more.
It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquillity: they must have action; and they will make it if they can not find it.
Not to know that no space of regret can make amends for one life's opportunity misused!
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
No man is offended by another man’s admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.
I never change, except in my affections.
Love, she thought, must come suddenly, with great outbursts and lightnings a hurricane of the skies, which falls upon life, revolutionises it, roots up the will like a leaf, and sweeps the whole heart into the abyss.
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains, _however improbable_, must be the truth?
We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today.
Selfishness must always be forgiven, you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
Elinor agreed to it all, for she did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.
Life seems to go on without effort, when I am filled with music.
Only people who can’t get into it do that.
Sadly, sadly, the sun rose; it rose upon no sadder sight than the man of good abilities and good emotions, incapable of their directed exercise, incapable of his own help and his own happiness, sensible of the blight on him, and resigning himself to let it eat him away.
I am sick to death of cleverness.
I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
Men of sense, whatever you may chuse to say, do not want silly wives.
Never underestimate the determination of a kid who is time-rich and cash-poor.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
After a while they played at forfeits; for it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child himself.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
No evil dooms us hopelessly except the evil we love, and desire to continue in, and make no effort to escape from.
The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world.
Her pleasure in the walk must arise from the exercise and the day, from the view of the last smiles of the year upon the tawny leaves, and withered hedges, and from repeating to herself some few of the thousand poetical descriptions extant of autumn, that season of peculiar and inexhaustible influence on the mind of taste and tenderness, that season which had drawn from every poet, worthy of being read, some attempt at description, or some lines of feeling.
The only man who behaved sensibly was my tailor: he took my measure anew every time he saw me, whilst all the rest went on with their old measurements and expected them to fit me.
O, here Will I set up my everlasting rest; And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars From this world-wearied flesh.
Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own daughter, she is perfectly satisfied.
But better die than live mechanically a life that is a repetition of repetitions.
This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the creative temperament—it was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again.
Sin is a thing that writes itself across a man’s face.
I keep turning over new leaves, and spoiling them, as I used to spoil my copybooks, and I make so many beginnings there never will be an end, he said dolefully.
I say, beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
There was so much in you that charmed me that I felt I must tell you something about yourself.
No—Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men.
I like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness—and I dread responsibility.
Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, said Emmanuel, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.
I want to write a novel about Silence, he said; the things people don’t say.
Whatever our destiny is or may be, we have made it ourselves, and we do not complain of it, he said, in the word _we_ linking himself with Anna.
_Exit Demetrius._ I’ll follow thee, and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so well.
I shall do one thing in this life—one thing certain—that is, love you, and long for you, and _keep wanting you_ till I die.
Everything is, everything exists, only because I love.
The ugly and the stupid have the best of it in this world.
I had never spoken to her, except for a few casual words, and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood.
It is perfectly monstrous, he said, at last, the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one’s back that are absolutely and entirely true.
The snotgreen sea.
When a thing is funny, search it for a hidden truth.
It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he’s handsome, Nelly, but because he’s more myself than I am.
Some people seemed to get all sunshine, and some all shadow.
It is not life that’s complicated, it’s the struggle to guide and control life.
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul, And sings the tune without the words, And never stops at all, And sweetest in the gale is heard; And sore must be the storm That could abash the little bird That kept so many warm.
Man is many things, but he is not rational.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t!
Her antiquity in preceding and surviving successive tellurian generations: her nocturnal predominance: her satellitic dependence: her luminary reflection: her constancy under all her phases, rising and setting by her appointed times, waxing and waning: the forced invariability of her aspect: her indeterminate response to inaffirmative interrogation: her potency over effluent and refluent waters: her power to enamour, to mortify, to invest with beauty, to render insane, to incite to and aid delinquency: the tranquil inscrutability of her visage: the terribility of her isolated dominant implacable resplendent propinquity: her omens of tempest and of calm: the stimulation of her light, her motion and her presence: the admonition of her craters, her arid seas, her silence: her splendour, when visible: her attraction, when invisible.
And the tragic part is her face was on a sudden distraught with pain the tragic part is that notwithstanding I love you with all my heart.
To be kind is worth a great deal to other people.
O, I am fortune’s fool!
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
There was too much to be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to any other objects.
Why is it that a woman can see from a distance what a man can not see close?
Ladies know what to fend hands against, because they read novels that tell them of these tricks; but I never had the chance o’learning in that way, and you did not help me!
I might as well enquire, replied she, why with so evident a desire of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?
You are the gull, Jo, strong and wild, fond of the storm and the wind, flying far out to sea, and happy all alone.
Now they were as strangers; nay, worse than strangers, for they could never become acquainted.
Shakespeare is the happy huntingground of all minds that have lost their balance.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
When I like people immensely, I never tell their names to any one.
I loved you because you were marvellous, because you had genius and intellect, because you realized the dreams of great poets and gave shape and substance to the shadows of art.
BOOK III Song of Myself 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
He says unloved women have no biographies they have histories.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
Do not give way to useless alarm, added he; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
I know no weariness of my Edward’s society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do of the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together.
Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it.
Some of us look for the Way in opium and some in God, some of us in whisky and some in love.
THE CURTAIN And the secret garden bloomed and bloomed and every morning revealed new miracles.
I am like a hungry man who has been given food.
It was one of the queer things of life that you saw a person every day for months and were so intimate with him that you could not imagine existence without him; then separation came, and everything went on in the same way, and the companion who had seemed essential proved unnecessary.
Since I knew you, I have been troubled by a remorse that I thought would never reproach me again, and have heard whispers from old voices impelling me upward, that I thought were silent for ever.
but I never have been in love; it is not my way, or my nature; and I do not think I ever shall.
I saw the inconceivable mystery of a soul that knew no restraint, no faith, and no fear, yet struggling blindly with itself.
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
Pleased with the preference of one, and offended by the neglect of the other, on the very beginning of our acquaintance, I have courted prepossession and ignorance, and driven reason away, where either were concerned.
It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever.
I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots.
Perhaps there is a soul hidden in everything and it can always speak, without even making a sound, to another soul.
Nor is there anything more remarkable in Socrates than that, old as he was, he found time to make himself taught dancing and playing upon instruments, and thought it time well spent.
Every woman is a rebel, and usually in wild revolt against herself.
I’ll bet you anything you like that half an hour after they have met, they will be calling each other sister.
If the day and the night are such that you greet them with joy, and life emits a fragrance like flowers and sweet-scented herbs, is more elastic, more starry, more immortal, —that is your success.
So full of artless jealousy is guilt, It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.
For a moment the last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened—then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.
‘I am the Cat who walks by himself, and all places are alike to me.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
I did not exactly flirt with you; but that inborn craving which undermines some women’s morals almost more than unbridled passion—the craving to attract and captivate, regardless of the injury it may do the man—was in me; and when I found I had caught you, I was frightened.
Candide, terrified, amazed, desperate, all bloody, all palpitating, said to himself: If this is the best of possible worlds, what then are the others?
Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself, and, by heavens!
Her reputation of reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic; it was supposed to engender difficult questions and to keep the conversation at a low temperature.
Thou dost infect mine eyes.
Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health!
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
The only people I would care to be with now are artists and people who have suffered: those who know what beauty is, and those who know what sorrow is: nobody else interests me.
So we'll just let things take their course and never be sorry.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Even if she be not harmed, her heart may fail her in so much and so many horrors; and hereafter she may suffer both in waking, from her nerves, and in sleep, from her dreams.
none, unless this miracle have might, That in black ink my love may still shine bright.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
After walks has shown me splashes upon his trousers, and told me by their colour and consistence in what part of London he had received them.
It is too difficult to think nobly when we think for a livelihood.
I could deny it if I liked.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
I am afraid our eyes are bigger than our bellies, and that we have more curiosity than capacity; for we grasp at all, but catch nothing but wind.
She had been forced into prudence in her youth, she learned romance as she grew older: the natural sequel of an unnatural beginning.
Because she's weak, she has a rage for domination, and nothing less will satisfy her.
My master’s colourless, olive face, square, massive brow, broad and jetty eyebrows, deep eyes, strong features, firm, grim mouth, —all energy, decision, will, —were not beautiful, according to rule; but they were more than beautiful to me; they were full of an interest, an influence that quite mastered me, —that took my feelings from my own power and fettered them in his.
You’re a slave, a bound helpless slave to one thing in the world, your imagination.
Once for all; I loved her none the less because I knew it, and it had no more influence in restraining me than if I had devoutly believed her to be human perfection.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
And then I looked at the stars, and considered how awful it would be for a man to turn his face up to them as he froze to death, and see no help or pity in all the glittering multitude.
He talked a lot about the past, and I gathered that he wanted to recover something, some idea of himself perhaps, that had gone into loving Daisy.
You are a lover, borrow Cupid’s wings, And soar with them above a common bound.
The beauty or ugliness of a character lay not only in its achievements, but in its aims and impulses; its true history lay, not among things done, but among things willed.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
I always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.
Beware the Ides of March.
Iâm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visualâwe can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see.
Most men and women are forced to perform parts for which they have no qualifications.
What am I to do?
If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our intellects.
Once in a while I go off on a spree and make a fool of myself, but I always come back, and in my heart I love her all the time.
A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman’s love, however badly he may have treated her.
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
For love is the desire of the whole, and the pursuit of the whole is called love.
How good and thoughtful he is; the world seems full of good men even if there _are_ monsters in it.
It is one of the defects of my character that I can not altogether dislike anyone who makes me laugh.
You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato.
We live in the flicker—may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling!
Art is the most intense mode of Individualism that the world has known.
My elder brother won’t die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else.
All our arguing with him would not avail; let him be, I say: and Heaven have mercy on us all—Presbyterians and Pagans alike—for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending.
If I am the chief of sinners, I am the chief of sufferers also.
And thus I clothe my naked villainy With odd old endsstol'n forth of holy writ, And seem a saint when most I play the devil.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; They kill us for their sport.
I call people rich when they’re able to meet the requirements of their imagination.
It is of the great facts of the world, like sunlight, or spring-time, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon.
It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream—making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams.
Ay sir, to be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
If the fact will not fit the theory—let the theory go.
Thirty—the promise of a decade of loneliness, a thinning list of single men to know, a thinning briefcase of enthusiasm, thinning hair.
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
Strength and beauty must go together.
I am the hero of this story, but I have my off moments.
I don't care about truth.
The whole series of my life appeared to me as a dream; I sometimes doubted if indeed it were all true, for it never presented itself to my mind with the force of reality.
If the mind be but well cultivated, and the heart well disposed, no one ever cares for the exterior.
She had a great desire for knowledge, but she really preferred almost any source of information to the printed page; she had an immense curiosity about life and was constantly staring and wondering.
Look at that, she whispered, and then after a moment: I’d like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around.
And there you see the distinction between our feelings: had he been in my place, and I in his, though I hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall, I never would have raised a hand against him.
Some shall be pardon’d, and some punished, For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
He enters into a labyrinth, he multiplies a thousandfold the dangers which life in itself already brings with it; not the least of which is that no one can see how and where he loses his way, becomes isolated, and is torn piecemeal by some minotaur of conscience.
It is the uncertainty that charms one.
For a while these reveries provided an outlet for his imagination; they were a satisfactory hint of the unreality of reality, a promise that the rock of the world was founded securely on a fairy’s wing.
Call me Ishmael.
Evil indeed is the man who has not one woman to mourn him.
Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading: he did not know that thus he was providing himself with a refuge from all the distress of life; he did not know either that he was creating for himself an unreal world which would make the real world of every day a source of bitter disappointment.
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.
My original soul seemed, at once, to take its flight from my body and a more than fiendish malevolence, gin-nurtured, thrilled every fibre of my frame.
It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never before seen him show any keen interest in natural objects.
There are bad people in it, Mr Richard, but if there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart and soul to the smiter—as I did!
Oh, I don’t think I would care to catch a sensible man.
When you really want love you will find it waiting for you.
From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats.
Towards thee I roll, thou all-destroying but unconquering whale; to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee; for hate’s sake I spit my last breath at thee.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject.
I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity in strait-waistcoats.
I could not help it: the restlessness was in my nature; it agitated me to pain sometimes.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once.
Life is so constructed, that the event does not, can not, will not, match the expectation.
Time brought resignation, and a melancholy sweeter than common joy.
Perhaps it is this sense of strangeness that sends men far and wide in the search for something permanent, to which they may attach themselves.
Mother says as th’two worst things as can happen to a child is never to have his own way—or always to have it.
It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life.
For when I say that I am of his kind, I do not mean that I have his force to influence, and his spell to attract; I mean only that I have certain tastes and feelings in common with him.
Instead of chopping yourself down to fit the world, chop the world down to fit yourself.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
Believe that life _is_ worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
And he could not tell why the struggle was worth while, why he had determined to use to the utmost himself and his heritage from the personalities he had passed.
I have only twenty acres, replied the old man; I and my children cultivate them; our labour preserves us from three great evils weariness, vice, and want.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
She had no tolerance for scenes which were not of her own making, and it was odious to her that her husband should make a show of himself before the servants.
Why should we build our happiness on the opinions of others, when we can find it in our own hearts?
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
No one but a woman can help a man when he is in trouble of the heart; and he had no one to comfort him.
Love is the most selfish of all the passions.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
Regret, denial, or forgetfulness could do that.
Much more surprising things can happen to anyone who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward.
Chapter 13 There are no conditions to which a man can not become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us.
You know I hate, detest, and can’t bear a lie, not because I am straighter than the rest of us, but simply because it appalls me.
I’m not to be imposed upon by fine words; I can see what actions mean.
The quality of mercy is not strained: it droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath: it is twice bless'd; It blesses him that gives, and him that takes:'T is mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown: His scepter shows the force of temporal power, The attribute to awe and majesty, Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings; But mercy is above this sceptered sway; It is enthroned in the hearts of kings; It is an attribute to God himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's, When mercy seasons justice.
Sentimentalists think they want to be in the pure, simple state they were in before they ate the candy.
I have to be won all over again every time you see me.
Hence the saying: One may _know_ how to conquer without being able to _do_ it.
In the little world in which children have their existence whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.
But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called—called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come.
The unexpected has happened so continually in my life that it has ceased to deserve the name.
Man, I cried, how ignorant art thou in thy pride of wisdom!
She was a vixen when she went to school, And though she be but little, she is fierce.
I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance.
It doesn’t so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life.
one’s duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
But love is blind, and lovers can not see The pretty follies that themselves commit.
If ever there were love in the world, I love her.
She could no longer borrow from the future to help her through the present grief.
One of these masters, Thayumanavar, has left us the following challenging poem: You can control a mad elephant; You can shut the mouth of the bear and the tiger; You can ride a lion; You can play with the cobra; By alchemy you can eke out your livelihood; You can wander through the universe incognito; You can make vassals of the gods; You can be ever youthful; You can walk on water and live in fire; But control of the mind is better and more difficult.
It was a bold question, and one which has ever been considered as a mystery; yet with how many things are we upon the brink of becoming acquainted, if cowardice or carelessness did not restrain our inquiries.
Long enough have you dream’d contemptible dreams, Now I wash the gum from your eyes, You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril.
Love is fragile she was thinking but perhaps the pieces are saved, the things that hovered on lips, that might have been said.
But you have just said it was perfectly heartless to eat muffins.
Not knowing how he lost himself, or how he recovered himself, he may never feel certain of not losing himself again.
I fancy that the true explanation is this: It often happens that the real tragedies of life occur in such an inartistic manner that they hurt us by their crude violence, their absolute incoherence, their absurd want of meaning, their entire lack of style.
She wanted to exist only as a conscious flower, prolonging and preserving itself.
Things without all remedy Should be without regard: what’s done is done.
Every day of that voyage I loved her more, and many a time since have I kneeled down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the deck of that ship because I knew her dear feet had trod it.
Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself.
We changed again, and yet again, and it was now too late and too far to go back, and I went on.
We may brave human laws, but we can not resist natural ones.
The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones; So let it be with Caesar.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
And it is you, spirit—with will and energy, and virtue and purity—that I want: not alone your brittle frame.
Every few weeks she would shut herself up in her room, put on her scribbling suit, and‘fall into a vortex’, as she expressed it, writing away at her novel with all her heart and soul, for till that was finished she could find no peace.
(I do everything to be difficultly understood myself!)
Mistress Mary always felt that however many years she lived she should never forget that first morning when her garden began to grow.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
Majesty: when a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
In this outdoor waiting room of winds and stars she had been sitting for a hundred years, at peace in the contemplation of herself._ _It became known to her, at length, that she was to be born again.
An evil soul, producing holy witness, Is like a villain with a smiling cheek; A goodly apple rotten at the heart; O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!
The secret of remaining young is never to have an emotion that is unbecoming.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
For love is a flower that grows in any soil, works its sweet miracles undaunted by autumn frost or winter snow, blooming fair and fragrant all the year, and blessing those who give and those who receive.
Now are the woods all black, but still the sky is blue.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar.
Improvement makes straight roads, but the crooked roads without Improvement are roads of Genius.
This suited the young lady better than twilight confidences, tender pressures of the hand, and eloquent glances of the eye, for with Jo, brain developed earlier than heart, and she preferred imaginary heroes to real ones, because when tired of them, the former could be shut up in the tin kitchen till called for, and the latter were less manageable.
Doctoring her seemed to her as absurd as putting together the pieces of a broken vase.
Victory depends on you.
Force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots.
_Aside._ Come what come may, Time and the hour runs through the roughest day.
You would not enjoy Nietzsche, sir.
Well, she succeeded somewhat, for, though sympathy can't alter facts, it can help to make them more bearable.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
My Captain does not answer, his lips are pale and still, My father does not feel my arm, he has no pulse nor will, The ship is anchor’d safe and sound, its voyage closed and done, From fearful trip the victor ship comes in with object won; Exult O shores, and ring O bells!
Life did not stand still and it was necessary to live.
Like most quiet folks he liked talkative people when they were willing to do the talking themselves and did not expect him to keep up his end of it.
It may therefore be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion, but when I see a fellow creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character.
Sir, said Captain Smollett, with no intention to take offence, I deny your right to put words into my mouth.
All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions.
INTO MY OWN One of my wishes is that those dark trees, So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze, Were not, as'twere, the merest mask of gloom, But stretched away unto the edge of doom.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
She was only extemporizing, but a stirring warmth flowed from her, as if her heart was trying to come out to you concealed in one of those breathless, thrilling words.
All novels are, or should be, written for both men and women to read, and I am at a loss to conceive how a man should permit himself to write anything that would be really disgraceful to a woman, or why a woman should be censured for writing anything that would be proper and becoming for a man.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
I can’t tell you, repeated Amory, just how wonderful she is.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
There is nothing to opinions, they may be beautiful or ugly, smart or foolish, everyone can support them or discard them.
Everywhere we go and move on and change, something's lost something's left behind.
I see at intervals the glance of a curious sort of bird through the close-set bars of a cage: a vivid, restless, resolute captive is there; were it but free, it would soar cloud-high.
Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased.
Come, thick night, And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell That my keen knife see not the wound it makes, Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark To cry, Hold, hold!
The summer’s flower is to the summer sweet, Though to itself, it only live and die, But if that flower with base infection meet, The basest weed outbraves his dignity: For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds; Lilies that fester, smell far worse than weeds.
The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing can not be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already, without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him.
God is the same everywhere.
We walked to meet each other up to the time of our love, and then we have been irresistibly drifting in different directions.
One farmer says to me, You can not live on vegetable food solely, for it furnishes nothing to make bones with; and so he religiously devotes a part of his day to supplying his system with the raw material of bones; walking all the while he talks behind his oxen, which, with vegetable-made bones, jerk him and his lumbering plough along in spite of every obstacle.
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
You must suffer me to go my own dark way.
He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God.
They are kind to each other’s dreams.
If our impulses were confined to hunger, thirst, and desire, we might be nearly free; but now we are moved by every wind that blows and a chance word or scene that that word may convey to us.
Therefore, thought I, what God says is best, indeed is best, though all the men in the world are against it.
You are, upon the whole, a sort of fay, or sprite—not a woman!
No tear dropped over that pillow; in such straits as these, the heart has no tears to give, —it drops only blood, bleeding itself away in silence.
Placed on this isthmus of a middle state, A being darkly wise, and rudely great: With too much knowledge for the sceptic side, With too much weakness for the stoic's pride, He hangs between; in doubt to act, or rest; In doubt to deem himself a god, or beast; In doubt his mind or body to prefer; Born but to die, and reasoning but to err; Alike in ignorance, his reason such, Whether he thinks too little, or too much: Chaos of thought and passion, all confused; Still by himself abused, or disabused; Created half to rise, and half to fall; Great lord of all things, yet a prey to all; Sole judge of truth, in endless error hurled: The glory, jest, and riddle of the world!
Hence the saying: If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.
For mine own good, All causes shall give way: I am in blood Stepp’d in so far that, should I wade no more, Returning were as tedious as go o’er.
One loves ultimately one's desires, not the thing desired.
395 _ARIEL sings._ Full fathom five thy father lies; Of his bones are coral made; Those are pearls that were his eyes: Nothing of him that doth fade, But doth suffer a sea-change 400 Into something rich and strange.
I find I am much prouder of the victory I obtain over myself, when, in the very ardour of dispute, I make myself submit to my adversary’s force of reason, than I am pleased with the victory I obtain over him through his weakness.
Moments of their secret life together burst like stars upon his memory.
Sometimes I shrink from your knowing what I have felt for you, and sometimes I am distressed that all of it you never will know.
His habit of reading isolated him: it became such a need that after being in company for some time he grew tired and restless; he was vain of the wider knowledge he had acquired from the perusal of so many books, his mind was alert, and he had not the skill to hide his contempt for his companions’stupidity.
Now I will believe That there are unicorns; that in Arabia There is one tree, the phœnix’throne; one phœnix At this hour reigning there.
But you were always a good man of business, Jacob, faltered Scrooge, who now began to apply this to himself.
CHAPTER IX As we grow older and realize more clearly the limitations of human happiness, we come to see that the only real and abiding pleasure in life is to give pleasure to other people.
The man who could call a spade a spade should be compelled to use one.
But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.
Somehow, something always happens, she cried, just before things get to the very worst.
I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home.
You will hardly know who I am or what I mean, But I shall be good health to you nevertheless, And filter and fibre your blood.
There are some upon this earth of yours, returned the Spirit, who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name, who are as strange to us and all our kith and kin, as if they had never lived.
I am somewhat exhausted; I wonder how a battery feels when it pours electricity into a non-conductor?
I don't know how to be silent when my heart is speaking.
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make _their_ eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
She was indispensable to high generation, hated at tea parties, feared in shops, and loved at crises.
Sometimes since I’ve been in the garden I’ve looked up through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being happy as if something were pushing and drawing in my chest and making me breathe fast.
That is rather difficult, but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty.
It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; —not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.
Love is anterior to life, Posterior to death, Initial of creation, and The exponent of breath.
It is true, we shall be monsters, cut off from all the world; but on that account we shall be more attached to one another.
O, full of scorpions is my mind, dear wife!
Let men tremble to win the hand of woman, unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart!
That is the sole consideration which can make me endure the whelp: I despise him for himself, and hate him for the memories he revives!
Think not, is my eleventh commandment; and sleep when you can, is my twelfth—So here goes again.
I have no thought, no view, no hope in life, beyond her; and if you oppose me in this great stake, you take my peace and happiness in your hands, and cast them to the wind.
I couldn’t seem to imagine myself anything but stupid little Beth, trotting about at home, of no use anywhere but there.
To learn to see to accustom the eye to calmness, to patience, and to allow things to come up to it; to defer judgment, and to acquire the habit of approaching and grasping an individual case from all sides.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
It can be bought, and sold, and bartered away.
I swear I only want to hear about you, to know what you've been doing.
This hobble of being alive is rather serious, don’t you think so?
Was it the infinite sadness of her eyes that drew him or the mirror of himself that he found in the gorgeous clarity of her mind?
You have been in every line I have ever read since I first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then.
Thus strangely are our souls constructed, and by such slight ligaments are we bound to prosperity or ruin.
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
Indeed, no woman should ever be quite accurate about her age.
The oldest hath borne most: we that are young Shall never see so much, nor live so long.
But you must learn to forgive a man when he’s in love.
Your rank and wealth, Harry; my brains, such as they are—my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian Gray’s good looks—we shall all suffer for what the gods have given us, suffer terribly.
My dear fellow, the truth isn’t quite the sort of thing one tells to a nice, sweet, refined girl.
They say no when they mean yes, and drive a man out of his wits just for the fun of it, returned Laurie, entrenching himself behind an undeniable fact.
He was alone and young and wilful and wildhearted, alone amid a waste of wild air and brackish waters and the seaharvest of shells and tangle and veiled grey sunlight and gayclad lightclad figures of children and girls and voices childish and girlish in the air.
There is nothing more to be said or to be done to-night, so hand me over my violin and let us try to forget for half an hour the miserable weather and the still more miserable ways of our fellow men.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; The Wu State was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying.
Even extreme grief may ultimately vent itself in violence—but more generally takes the form of apathy.
People live through such pain only once; pain comes again, but it finds a tougher surface.
And a sentimentalist, my dear Darlington, is a man who sees an absurd value in everything, and doesn’t know the market price of any single thing.
'That is because you are a philosopher, for philosophy begins in wonder, and Iris is the child of Thaumas.
The fourth member of the party, however, was too excited to be genuinely happy.
Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence—whether much that is glorious—whether all that is profound—does not spring from disease of thought—from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect.
I have laughed, in bitterness and agony of heart, at the contrast between what I seem and what I am!
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!
M. Emanuel was not a man to write books; but I have heard him lavish, with careless, unconscious prodigality, such mental wealth as books seldom boast; his mind was indeed my library, and whenever it was opened to me, I entered bliss.
Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me among the rest.
Oh, you can’t help that, said the Cat: we’re all mad here.
He says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
As they stepped on to the door-stones, and halted to take a last look at the moon—or, more correctly, at each other by her light—I felt irresistibly impelled to escape them again; and, pressing a remembrance into the hand of Mrs. Dean, and disregarding her expostulations at my rudeness, I vanished through the kitchen as they opened the house-door; and so should have confirmed Joseph in his opinion of his fellow-servant’s gay indiscretions, had he not fortunately recognised me for a respectable character by the sweet ring of a sovereign at his feet.
There was only one creature in the world that could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life.
The heaventree of stars hung with humid nightblue fruit.
So I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight—watching over nothing.
Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle’s compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
It is no use trying to sum people up.
It is earth’s eye; looking into which the beholder measures the depth of his own nature.
—I fear those big words, Stephen said, which make us so unhappy.
God made food, the devil the cooks.
Its vanished trees, the trees that had made way for Gatsby’s house, had once pandered in whispers to the last and greatest of all human dreams; for a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder.
One does, I think, as one gets older.
If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to irritate him.
‘There can be no disparity in marriage, like unsuitability of mind and purpose.’Those words I remembered too.
No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so.
And as each and all of them were warmed without by the sun, so each had a private little sun for her soul to bask in; some dream, some affection, some hobby, at least some remote and distant hope which, though perhaps starving to nothing, still lived on, as hopes will.
Women represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the triumph of mind over morals.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
Dishonesty in a woman is a thing you never blame deeply—I was casually sorry, and then I forgot.
The world was to me a secret which I desired to divine.
The logic can not be refuted, but someone who wants to live will not resist it.
I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
All I think of ever is that I love you, she wailed.
He wanted to be where no one would know who he was.
At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great.
If I could see you in a year, I'd wind the months in balls, And put them each in separate drawers, Until their time befalls.
Intellect is in itself a mode of exaggeration, and destroys the harmony of any face.
In his younger days a man dreams of possessing the heart of the woman whom he loves; later, the feeling that he possesses the heart of a woman may be enough to make him fall in love with her.
Doctor, you don't know what it is to doubt everything, even yourself.
It echoed loudly within him because he was hollow at the core.
It is invariably saddening to look through new eyes at things upon which you have expended your own powers of adjustment.
Perhaps there is a language which is not made of words and everything in the world understands it.
Because you are not fit to go there, I answered.
Marry, sir,’tis an ill cook that can not lick his own fingers; therefore he that can not lick his fingers goes not with me.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
It was the radiance of an opium-dream an airy and spirit-lifting vision more wildly divine than the phantasies which hovered about the slumbering souls of the daughters of Delos.
The lights grow brighter as the earth lurches away from the sun, and now the orchestra is playing yellow cocktail music, and the opera of voices pitches a key higher.
In this world one has to be cunning and cruel.
Two of these fellows you Must know and own; this thing of darkness I 275 Acknowledge mine.
Yet experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of truth, arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people; but Mr. Henderland had their very speech upon his tongue.
So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But yet a union in partition, Two lovely berries moulded on one stem; So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart; Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one, and crowned with one crest.
But scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Isabel’s written in a foreign tongue.
_All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.
Man, do not pride yourself on superiority to the animals; they are without sin, and you, with your greatness, defile the earth by your appearance on it, and leave the traces of your foulness after you—alas, it is true of almost every one of us!
The object of the artist is the creation of the beautiful.
To learn one must be humble.
When the body escaped mutilation, seldom did the heart go to the grave unscarred.
She was so evidently the victim of the civilization which had produced her, that the links of her bracelet seemed like manacles chaining her to her fate.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
It stops and gilds some inconsequential object, and we poor fools try to grasp it but when we do the sunbeam moves on to something else, and you've got the inconsequential part, but the glitter that made you want it is gone He broke off uneasily.
A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth even glancing at, for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing.
But I always liked side‐paths, little dark back‐alleys behind the main road—there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.
Let us a little permit Nature to take her own way; she better understands her own affairs than we.
I permitted myself the delight of being kind to you; kindness stirred emotion soon: your face became soft in expression, your tones gentle; I liked my name pronounced by your lips in a grateful happy accent.
I wish I had no heart, it aches so, sighed Meg, after a pause.
What business had I to think so much of one that never thought of me?
When one has weighed the sun in the balance, and measured the steps of the moon, and mapped out the seven heavens star by star, there still remains oneself.
What have the wenches to do?
None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
She said she knew we were safe with you, and always would be, because once, when she asked you to, you'd given up the thing you most wanted.
What else is Wisdom?
If one doesn’t talk about a thing, it has never happened.
Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height.
That depends a good deal on where you want to get to, said the Cat.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it!
Even in the best, most friendly and simplest relations of life, praise and commendation are essential, just as grease is necessary to wheels that they may run smoothly.
I have tried to keep an open mind; and it is not the ordinary things of life that could close it, but the strange things, the extraordinary things, the things that make one doubt if they be mad or sane.
Women are constantly trying to commit suicide for love, but generally they take care not to succeed.
There’s something very sensuous about it—overripe, as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands.
When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, —that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
Every man being born free and his own master, no-one, under any pretext whatsoever, can make any man subject without his consent.
Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I saw him too, looking up and wondering.
Lechery, sir, it provokes and unprovokes; it provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance.
Methinks that in looking at things spiritual, we are too much like oysters observing the sun through the water, and thinking that thick water the thinnest of air.
But I like talking to a brick wall—it’s the only thing in the world that never contradicts me!
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering.
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, at least by my example, how dangerous is the acquirement of knowledge and how much happier that man is who believes his native town to be the world, than he who aspires to become greater than his nature will allow.
I _cannot_ live without my life!
It takes place in an impalpable greyness, with nothing underfoot, with nothing around, without spectators, without clamour, without glory, without the great desire of victory, without the great fear of defeat, in a sickly atmosphere of tepid scepticism, without much belief in your own right, and still less in that of your adversary.
You can not, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal, except my life, except my life, except my life.
But it happens that I want you, and so I just haven't room for any other desires.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
They had never been closer in their month of love, nor communicated more profoundly one with another, than when she brushed silent lips against his coat’s shoulder or when he touched the end of her fingers, gently, as though she were asleep.
XXIX When in disgrace with fortune and men’s eyes I all alone beweep my outcast state, And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, And look upon myself, and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featur’d like him, like him with friends possess’d, Desiring this man’s art, and that man’s scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; Yet in these thoughts my self almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven’s gate; For thy sweet love remember’d such wealth brings That then I scorn to change my state with kings.
Out, damned spot!
O brave new world, That has such people in’t!
A Clear Midnight This is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless, Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done, Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou lovest best, Night, sleep, death and the stars.
An unprotected childhood in a cold world has beaten gentleness out of me.
We are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that, with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say, they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual.
There's no beauty without poignancy and there's no poignancy without the feeling that it's going, men, names, books, houses bound for dust mortal A small boy appeared beside them and, swinging a handful of banana-peels, flung them valiantly in the direction of the Potomac.
And in spite of this he felt that then, when his love was stronger, he could, if he had greatly wished it, have torn that love out of his heart; but now, when as at that moment it seemed to him he felt no love for her, he knew that what bound him to her could not be broken.
Anna talked not merely naturally and cleverly, but cleverly and carelessly, attaching no value to her own ideas and giving great weight to the ideas of the person she was talking to.
I say, let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand; instead of a million count half a dozen, and keep your accounts on your thumb nail.
But real adventures, I reflected, do not happen to people who remain at home: they must be sought abroad.
Summer is only the unfulfilled promise of spring, a charlatan in place of the warm balmy nights I dream of in April.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
He had no further intercourse with Spirits, but lived upon the Total Abstinence Principle, ever afterwards; and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
It was much pleasanter at home, thought poor Alice, when one wasn’t always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and rabbits.
His life was gentle, and the elements So mix’d in him that Nature might stand up And say to all the world, This was a man!
I humbly entreat my Redeemer to give me strength to lead henceforth a purer life than I have done hitherto!
Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend.
Hatred, by a gradual and quiet process, will even be transformed to love, unless the change be impeded by a continually new irritation of the original feeling of hostility.
I’m five years too old to lie to myself and call it honour.
We have to resume it where we had left off, and there steals over us a terrible sense of the necessity for the continuance of energy in the same wearisome round of stereotyped habits, or a wild longing, it may be, that our eyelids might open some morning upon a world that had been refashioned anew in the darkness for our pleasure, a world in which things would have fresh shapes and colours, and be changed, or have other secrets, a world in which the past would have little or no place, or survive, at any rate, in no conscious form of obligation or regret, the remembrance even of joy having its bitterness and the memories of pleasure their pain.
His heart was like a sensitive plant, that opens for a moment in the sunshine, but curls up and shrinks into itself at the slightest touch of the finger, or the lightest breath of wind.
Ah, it is the fault of our science that it wants to explain all; and if it explain not, then it says there is nothing to explain.
Young students try to believe in older authors, constituents try to believe in their Congressmen, countries try to believe in their statesmen, but they _can’t_.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
Like all weak men he laid an exaggerated stress on not changing one’s mind.
To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely ordered variety on the chords of emotion—a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
She wanted—what some people want throughout life—a grief that should deeply touch her, and thus humanize and make her capable of sympathy.
And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire a fire, however, inseparable in its nature from myself, quickening nothing, lighting nothing, doing no service, idly burning away.
Chapter 9 Nothing is more painful to the human mind than, after the feelings have been worked up by a quick succession of events, the dead calmness of inaction and certainty which follows and deprives the soul both of hope and fear.
I have been very fortunate in worldly matters; many men have worked much harder, and not succeeded half so well; but I never could have done what I have done, without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one object at a time, no matter how quickly its successor should come upon its heels, which I then formed.
At his lips’touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.
The unwelcome November rain had perversely stolen the day’s last hour and pawned it with that ancient fence, the night.
Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Liberty, equality, fraternity, or death; the last, much the easiest to bestow, O Guillotine!
Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears!
I think.
If you can’t appreciate what you’ve got, you’d better get what you can appreciate.
Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
Into the manhood of the race: for I, for my own part, can not think that these latter days of weak experiment, fragmentary theory, and mutual discord are indeed man’s culminating time!
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
There is no sin so great as ignorance.
I hope, Cecily, I shall not offend you if I state quite frankly and openly that you seem to me to be in every way the visible personification of absolute perfection.
You seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.
Give me a moment, because I like to cry for joy.
The sun—the bright sun, that brings back, not light alone, but new life, and hope, and freshness to man—burst upon the crowded city in clear and radiant glory.
I stared at him and then at Tom, who had made a parallel discovery less than an hour before—and it occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.
I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now.
And, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss A dateless bargain to engrossing death.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
But then you come; and you're so much more than I remembered, and what I want of you is so much more than an hour or two every now and then, with wastes of thirsty waiting between, that I can sit perfectly still beside you, like this, with that other vision in my mind, just quietly trusting to it to come true.
A quick temper, sharp tongue, and restless spirit were always getting her into scrapes, and her life was a series of ups and downs, which were both comic and pathetic.
‘Never,’said my aunt,‘be mean in anything; never be false; never be cruel.
Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others.
Hold to the now, the here, through which all future plunges to the past.
I love him better than myself, Ellen; and I know it by this: I pray every night that I may live after him; because I would rather be miserable than that he should be: that proves I love him better than myself.
I agree to the conditions, Angel; because you know best what my punishment ought to be; only—only—don’t make it more than I can bear!
There are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up.
Have read little and understood less.
And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
No doubt very few people understand the purely subjective nature of the phenomenon that we call love, or how it creates, so to speak, a fresh, a third, a supplementary person, distinct from the person whom the world knows by the same name, a person most of whose constituent elements are derived from ourself, the lover.
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made … I shook hands with him; it seemed silly not to, for I felt suddenly as though I were talking to a child.
the racking thoughts that crowd upon the mind, and make the heart beat violently, and the breath come thick, by the force of the images they conjure up before it; the desperate anxiety _to be doing something_ to relieve the pain, or lessen the danger, which we have no power to alleviate; the sinking of soul and spirit, which the sad remembrance of our helplessness produces; what tortures can equal these; what reflections or endeavours can, in the full tide and fever of the time, allay them!
In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
We are friends, said I, rising and bending over her, as she rose from the bench.
_Reads._ _Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
If you wait for them to change you’ll never do anything.
I was sorry for her; I was amazed, disgusted at her heartless vanity; I wondered why so much beauty should be given to those who made so bad a use of it, and denied to some who would make it a benefit to both themselves and others.
Great results, he adds, can thus be achieved with small forces.
Everyone understands that this illogical reply is an irrefutable demonstration of freedom.
That is exactly what things were originally made for.
The last I saw of Count Dracula was his kissing his hand to me; with a red light of triumph in his eyes, and with a smile that Judas in hell might be proud of.
Her trust makes me faithful, her belief makes me good.
I don’t really know what a Gorgon is like, but I am quite sure that Lady Bracknell is one.
People disappeared, reappeared, made plans to go somewhere, and then lost each other, searched for each other, found each other a few feet away.
Blushing is the most peculiar and the most human of all expressions.
But only artists produce for each other the world that is fit to live in.
And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow’s eye, Steal me awhile from mine own company.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
The play’s the thing Wherein I’ll catch the conscience of the King.
Books must be read as deliberately and reservedly as they were written.
I have, as it were, my own sun and moon and stars, and a little world all to myself.
If you were asked to prove that two and two made four, you might find some difficulty, and yet you are quite sure of the fact.
What you have to do with your mind, when your body is miserable, is to make it think of something else.
Now I understood that the same road was to bring us together again.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
He remained in this state of empty and peaceful rumination until he heard the clock tower strike three in the morning.
Music seems to me to act like yawning or laughter; I have no desire to sleep, but I yawn when I see others yawn; with no reason to laugh, I laugh when I hear others laugh.
As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living.
I want some information from you.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and in miseries.
He made me love him without looking at me.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
You have filled my tea with lumps of sugar, and though I asked most distinctly for bread and butter, you have given me cake.
Gwendolen, it is a terrible thing for a man to find out suddenly that all his life he has been speaking nothing but the truth.
It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night As a rich jewel in an Ethiop’s ear; Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear!
A sense of responsibility would spoil her.
He felt himself, and did not want to be anyone else.
On the contrary, Aunt Augusta, I’ve now realised for the first time in my life the vital Importance of Being Earnest.
The butter would probably get on my cuffs.
Oh, blameless people are always the most exasperating.
Thus, we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
She was a fool and he knew it and because he loved her it had made no difference to him.
Compare such words as ptarmigan, psalm, and phthisis.
There was nothing but land: not a country at all, but the material out of which countries are made.
Such are so keen that no future gratification of the same desire can ever obliterate them: they become registered as a permanent loss of happiness.
She was not an existence, an experience, a passion, a structure of sensations, to anybody but herself.
Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes; and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous, God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters heaved the colossal orbs.
But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; The Wu State was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying.
Not having that which, having, makes them short.
Her husband's faith in her had made her renewal possible it is so easy for a woman to become what the man she loves believes her to be!
And Catherine has a heart as deep as I have: the sea could be as readily contained in that horse-trough as her whole affection be monopolised by him.
I know nothingnothing in the worldof the hearts of men.
Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
What they call their loyalty, and their fidelity, I call either the lethargy of custom or their lack of imagination.
It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself.
It is the spectator and not life that art really mirrors.
Jekyll had more than a father’s interest; Hyde had more than a son’s indifference.
Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.
If you attain to perfect self‐forgetfulness in the love of your neighbor, then you will believe without doubt, and no doubt can possibly enter your soul.
We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
From old habit, unconsciously he thanked God that he no longer believed in Him.
I felt a clearing in my mind As if my brain had split; I tried to match it, seam by seam, But could not make them fit.
It is a beauty like that of kittens, or very small downy ducks making gentle rippling noises with their soft bills, or babies just beginning to toddle and to engage in conscious mischief—a beauty with which you can never be angry, but that you feel ready to crush for inability to comprehend the state of mind into which it throws you.
Jealousy is never satisfied with anything short of an omniscience that would detect the subtlest fold of the heart.
I was just a screw or a cog in the great machine I called life, and when I dropped out of it I found I was of no use anywhere else.
It frightened him to think what must have gone to the making of her eyes.
The Untold Want The untold want by life and land ne’er granted, Now voyager sail thou forth to seek and find.
I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is.
Reading is thinking with some one else's head instead of one's own.
She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
I suppose all great happiness is a little sad.
_When you wa-ake You shall ha-ave All the pretty little hawsiz_ Then, as though it had been waiting on a near-by roof for their arrival, the moon came slanting suddenly through the vines and turned the girl's face to the color of white roses.
Why do we call all our generous ideas illusions, and the mean ones truths?
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth—yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams.
A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it!
Then, as if giving utterance to the process of his own thought, he said: —Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother’s love is not.
My education was neglected, yet I was passionately fond of reading.
Love is easily killed.
I never saw anybody take so long to dress, and with such little result.
Any mind that is capable of a _real sorrow_ is capable of good.
Since my rebuff of yesterday I have a sort of empty feeling; nothing in the world seems of sufficient importance to be worth the doing.
Not that I humbled myself by a slavish notion of inferiority: on the contrary, I just said— You have nothing to do with the master of Thornfield, further than to receive the salary he gives you for teaching his protegee, and to be grateful for such respectful and kind treatment as, if you do your duty, you have a right to expect at his hands.
I’m not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.
I hate ordinary people!
If asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack, I should say: Begin by seizing something which your opponent holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will.
Prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion.
But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
What I have always wished for, desired, and coveted, is the life of an artist, free and independent, relying only on my own resources, and accountable only to myself.
Tut, man, one fire burns out another’s burning, One pain is lessen’d by another’s anguish; Turn giddy, and be holp by backward turning; One desperate grief cures with another’s languish: Take thou some new infection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die.
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
and what noise is this?
What, you egg!
We can never cease to be ourselves.
We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories.
You are my creator, but I am your master; obey!
She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly—the thought of the world’s concern at her situation—was founded on an illusion.
Perhaps it is not-being that is the true state, and all our dream of life is without existence; but, if so, we feel that it must be that these phrases of music, these conceptions which exist in relation to our dream, are nothing either.
People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices.
Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself?
Dear little Swallow, said the Prince, you tell me of marvellous things, but more marvellous than anything is the suffering of men and of women.
The amount of women in London who flirt with their own husbands is perfectly scandalous.
If they would rather die, said Scrooge, they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population.
This horrible discord, which has lasted for so many centuries, is a very striking lesson that we should pardon each other's errors; discord is the great ill of mankind; and tolerance is the only remedy for it.
This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and can not withstand you if you say that it shall not.
Dread remorse when you are tempted to err, Miss Eyre; remorse is the poison of life.
But break my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
_Cal._ You taught me language; and my profit on’t Is, I know how to curse.
They say that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains, he remarked with a smile.
Ts’ao Kung says: Rewards for good service should not be deferred a single day.
When one reads these strange pages of one long gone one feels that one is at one with one who once.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies’brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair; He that is strucken blind can not forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
There it is before you—smiling, frowning, inviting, grand, mean, insipid, or savage, and always mute with an air of whispering,‘Come and find out.’This one was almost featureless, as if still in the making, with an aspect of monotonous grimness.
I can not live with you, It would be life, And life is over there Behind the shelf The sexton keeps the key to, Putting up Our life, his porcelain, Like a cup Discarded of the housewife, Quaint or broken; A newer Sevres pleases, Old ones crack.
It is required of every man, the Ghost returned, that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellowmen, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death.
It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world; but it is very possible to know how it has touched one’s self in going by, and I know right well that any good that intermixed itself with my apprenticeship came of plain contented Joe, and not of restlessly aspiring discontented me.
Nothing is easier than to admit in words the truth of the universal struggle for life, or more difficult—at least I have found it so—than constantly to bear this conclusion in mind.
Don’t let yourself feel worthless; often through life you will really be at your worst when you seem to think best of yourself; and don’t worry about losing your personality, as you persist in calling it; at fifteen you had the radiance of early morning, at twenty you will begin to have the melancholy brilliance of the moon, and when you are my age you will give out, as I do, the genial golden warmth of 4 P.M.
For Mercy has a human heart; Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine: And Peace the human dress.
I'm pretty well cloistered, and I suppose books mean more than people to me anyway.
As she came closer to him she noticed that there was a clean fresh scent of heather and grass and leaves about him, almost as if he were made of them.
And in myself, too, many things have perished which, I imagined, would last for ever, and new structures have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are difficult of comprehension.
Let the truth be told—women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye.
Only two commentators seem to favour this interpretation, but it fits well into the logic of the context, whereas the rendering, He who does not know the evils of war can not appreciate its benefits, is distinctly pointless.
Never in her life—she could swear it from the bottom of her soul—had she ever intended to do wrong; yet these hard judgements had come.
There was no solution, but that universal solution which life gives to all questions, even the most complex and insoluble.
Our desires cut across one another's paths, and in this confused existence it is but rarely that a piece of good fortune coincides with the desire that clamoured for it.
Her imagination was by habit ridiculously active; when the door was not open it jumped out of the window.
I have been so long master that I would be master still or at least that none other should be master of me.
He perceived that such a picture presupposed, on her part, the experience, the versatility, the freedom of judgment, which she had been carefully trained not to possess; and with a shiver of foreboding he saw his marriage becoming what most of the other marriages about him were: a dull association of material and social interests held together by ignorance on the one side and hypocrisy on the other.
It seemed as if it fascinated him to see her push it up impatiently until it tightened her soft flesh; and then to mark the loosening the fall.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
I struggled no more, but the agony of my soul found vent in one loud, long, and final scream of despair.
I said, let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler: but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.
It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
But Rosamond Vincy seemed to have the true melodic charm; and when a man has seen the woman whom he would have chosen if he had intended to marry speedily, his remaining a bachelor will usually depend on her resolution rather than on his.
that they are not ashamed to sin, and yet are ashamed to repent; not ashamed of the action for which they ought justly to be esteemed fools, but are ashamed of the returning, which only can make them be esteemed wise men.
Slave, I have set my life upon a cast And I Will stand the hazard of the die.
If he sends reinforcements everywhere, he will everywhere be weak.
Man selects only for his own good; Nature only for that of the being which she tends.
The simplicity of your character makes you exquisitely incomprehensible to me.
‘In the course of years!’‘It is not a new one!’New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
It takes so little to make a child happy that it is a pity, in a world so full of sunshine and pleasant things, that there should be any wistful faces, empty hands, or lonely little hearts.
Now, I am living out my life in my corner, taunting myself with the spiteful and useless consolation that an intelligent man can not become anything seriously, and it is only the fool who becomes anything.
But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.
Then I feel, Harry, that I have given away my whole soul to some one who treats it as if it were a flower to put in his coat, a bit of decoration to charm his vanity, an ornament for a summer’s day.
They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force—nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
If the world were a paradise of luxury and ease, a land flowing with milk and honey, where every Jack obtained his Jill at once and without any difficulty, men would either die of boredom or hang themselves; or there would be wars, massacres, and murders; so that in the end mankind would inflict more suffering on itself than it has now to accept at the hands of Nature.
But indeed, if you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stairs into the lobby.
For aught that I could ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth.
Drest in a little brief authority Most ignorant of what he's most assured, His glassy essence, like an angry ape, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven, As make the angels weep.
Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail.
You shouldn't pay too much attention to people's opinions.
_—Come! _ It soared, a bird, it held its flight, a swift pure cry, soar silver orb it leaped serene, speeding, sustained, to come, don’t spin it out too long long breath he breath long life, soaring high, high resplendent, aflame, crowned, high in the effulgence symbolistic, high, of the etherial bosom, high, of the high vast irradiation everywhere all soaring all around about the all, the endlessnessnessness.
Hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for purposes of spying and thereby they achieve great results.
I won't say she was silly, but I think one of us was silly, and it wasn't me.
Time is, time was, but time shall be no more.
It is this what you mean, isn’t it: that the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future?
But it’s God’s own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared.
All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
After all, the true seeing is within; and painting stares at you with an insistent imperfection.
Yet mark his perfect self-contentment, and hence learn this lesson, that to be self-contented is to be vile and ignorant, and that to aspire is better than to be blindly and impotently happy.
My life closed twice before its close; It yet remains to see If Immortality unveil A third event to me, So huge, so hopeless to conceive, As these that twice befell.
I have been so overwhelmed by the many storms that have broken over my head, that I am become passive in the hands of the Almighty, like a sparrow in the talons of an eagle.
That's in the nature of secrets.
So let us love gently.
In the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is as the light called human life is at its coming and its going.
You and I will always be friends.
She was a curious woman, whose dresses always looked as if they had been designed in a rage and put on in a tempest.
And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has done me good, and will do me good; and I say, God bless it!
In dressing, she moved about in a mental cloud of many-coloured idealities, which eclipsed all sinister contingencies by its brightness.
Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting.
Alice thought to herself, I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line.
All change is a miracle to contemplate; but it is a miracle which is taking place every instant.
There is no point, among the many incomprehensible anomalies of the science of mind, more thrillingly exciting than the fact never, I believe, noticed in the schools than in our endeavors to recall to memory something long forgotten, we often find ourselves _upon the very verge_ of remembrance, without being able, in the end, to remember.
This expression of abandon and surrender, of absolute trust, he reserved for the master alone.
The robin flew from his swinging spray of ivy on to the top of the wall and he opened his beak and sang a loud, lovely trill, merely to show off.
What is to be thought of a nation boasting of its liberty, boasting of its humanity, boasting of its Christianity, boasting of its love of justice and purity, and yet having within its own borders three millions of persons denied by law the right of marriage?
Now and then, in this workaday world, things do happen in the delightful storybook fashion, and what a comfort it is.
Pride helps us; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our own hurts—not to hurt others.
’Tis because we be on a blighted star, and not a sound one, isn’t it, Tess?
But a prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
Leave me those feelings; and you can take away the voice and the face.
It is only when we are very happy, that we can bear to gaze merrily upon the vast and limitless expanse of water, rolling on and on with such persistent, irritating monotony, to the accompaniment of our thoughts, whether grave or gay.
I know that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown that regret.
All days are nights to see till I see thee, And nights bright days when dreams do show thee me.
We are like the herb which flourisheth most when it is most trampled on.
I desired liberty; for liberty I gasped; for liberty I uttered a prayer; it seemed scattered on the wind then faintly blowing.
For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air.
He’ll love and hate equally under cover, and esteem it a species of impertinence to be loved or hated again.
But you might as well bid a man struggling in the water rest within arms’length of the shore!
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
Nothing spoils a romance so much as a sense of humour in the woman.
As far as the piano is concerned, sentiment is my forte.
It was not well to drive men into final corners; at those moments they could all develop teeth and claws.
One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of hereditary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion.
In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas—no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
When you have done, pray tell me, That I my thoughts may dim; Haste!
He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.
And where do bad Americans go to when they die?
You are like a chestnut burr, prickly outside, but silky-soft within, and a sweet kernal, if one can only get at it.
To speak robin to a robin is like speaking French to a Frenchman.
The cub’s fear of the unknown was an inherited distrust, and it had now been strengthened by experience.
If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down.
She had only to stand in the orchard, to put her hand on a little crab tree and look up at the apples, to make you feel the goodness of planting and tending and harvesting at last.
Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge.
One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort.
He was conscious of a thousand odours floating in the air, each one connected with a thousand thoughts, and hopes, and joys, and cares long, long, forgotten!
There was one great tomb more lordly than all the rest; huge it was, and nobly proportioned.
Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
And he arrives in front of the moon which is like a piece of ice, quite round, filled with a motionless light.
âAnd woman is the same as horses: two wills act in opposition inside her.
Why did you form a monster so hideous that even _you_ turned from me in disgust?
I don’t want to prove anything; I merely want to live, to do no one harm but myself.
In his dominions children grow unloving between parents who have never loved; infants are nursed on deception from their very birth; they are reared in an atmosphere corrupt with lies.
All your other hopes have merged into the hope of being beyond the chance of its sordid reproach.
Women ought to be free as free as we are, he declared, making a discovery of which he was too irritated to measure the terrific consequences.
But the emptiness and the darkness are gone; when I turn back into myself now I'm like a child going at night into a room where there's always a light.
A new world, material without being real, where poor ghosts, breathing dreams like air, drifted fortuitously about … like that ashen, fantastic figure gliding toward him through the amorphous trees.
And if that boisterous Channel, and two hundred miles or so of land come broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I’ve a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly.
Hesitation of any kind is a sign of mental decay in the young, of physical weakness in the old.
The only horrible thing in the world is _ennui_, Dorian.
They tried to be too clever—and that was their undoing.
I'm not going to bring a child into the world, and love her, and bring her up, just so that some man may want to sleep with her so much that he's willing to provide her with board and lodging for the rest of her life.
’Gainst death, and all-oblivious enmity Shall you pace forth; your praise shall still find room Even in the eyes of all posterity That wear this world out to the ending doom.
The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy; only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.
Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
They were the mixed result of young and noble impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.
I suppose a cry does us all good at times clears the air as other rain does.
May your sky be clear, may your sweet smile be bright and untroubled, and may you be blessed for that moment of blissful happiness which you gave to another, lonely and grateful heart!
If you don't give a darn whether you ever see the needle or not it runs into you the first time you lean against the stack.
I should think he has to wear asbestos vests.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
The officer looked at Daisy while she was speaking, in a way that every young girl wants to be looked at sometime, and because it seemed romantic to me I have remembered the incident ever since.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Like holding water in your hand.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
During the whole of a dull, dark, and soundless day in the autumn of the year, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, I had been passing alone, on horseback, through a singularly dreary tract of country; and at length found myself, as the shades of the evening drew on, within view of the melancholy House of Usher.
Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone.
Whatever my own practice may be, I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals, as surely as the savage tribes have left off eating each other when they came in contact with the more civilized.
It is clear to me now that, owing to my unbounded vanity and to the high standard I set for myself, I often looked at myself with furious discontent, which verged on loathing, and so I inwardly attributed the same feeling to everyone.
To see and know the worst is to take from Fear her main advantage.
But life is a great adventure, and the worst of all fears is the fear of living.
The human mind delights in grand conceptions of supernatural beings.
Tu Mu says: Conform to the enemy’s tactics until a favourable opportunity offers; then come forth and engage in a battle that shall prove decisive.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
And in this passion for understanding her soul lay close to his; she had him all to herself.
I will not sell my back to man for a bundle of sugar-cane: I will go out to my own kind, and the wood-folk in their lairs.
Poor Mr. Casaubon had imagined that his long studious bachelorhood had stored up for him a compound interest of enjoyment, and that large drafts on his affections would not fail to be honored; for we all of us, grave or light, get our thoughts entangled in metaphors, and act fatally on the strength of them.
She stopped and listened to him and somehow his cheerful, friendly little whistle gave her a pleased feeling—even a disagreeable little girl may be lonely, and the big closed house and big bare moor and big bare gardens had made this one feel as if there was no one left in the world but herself.
The light air about me told me that the world ended here: only the ground and sun and sky were left, and if one went a little farther there would be only sun and sky, and one would float off into them, like the tawny hawks which sailed over our heads making slow shadows on the grass.
Divine am I inside and out, and I make holy whatever I touch or am touch’d from, The scent of these arm-pits aroma finer than prayer, This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.
Clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul.
Margaret liked this smile; it was the first thing she had admired in this new friend of her father’s; and the opposition of character, shown in all these details of appearance she had just been noticing, seemed to explain the attraction they evidently felt towards each other.
thought Margaret, what could he mean by speaking so, as if I were always thinking that he cared for me, when I know he does not; he can not.
The saints were his friends, and blessed him; the monsters were his friends and guarded him.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
They are the only things that are never serious.
The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man.
But women never know when the curtain has fallen.
He no longer felt anything, though very faintly he could hear the impact of the club upon his body.
I am too young and I’ve loved you too much.
How good life is when one does something good and just!
He knelt by the bed and bent over her, draining their last moment to its lees; and in the silence there passed between them the word which made all clear.
Never are voices so beautiful as on a winter’s evening, when dusk almost hides the body, and they seem to issue from nothingness with a note of intimacy seldom heard by day.
O swear not by the moon, th’inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
She had borne so long the cruelty of belonging to him and not being claimed by him.
Love, though said to be afflicted with blindness, is a vigilant watchman, and Miss Peecher kept him on double duty over Mr Bradley Headstone.
It is remarkable, that persons who speculate the most boldly often conform with the most perfect quietude to the external regulations of society.
Somebody might have come along that way who would have asked him his trouble, and might have cheered him by saying that his notions were further advanced than those of his grammarian.
Silence has sometimes a remarkable power of showing itself as the disembodied soul of feeling wandering without its carcase, and it is then more impressive than speech.
I knew myself, at the first breath of this new life, to be more wicked, tenfold more wicked, sold a slave to my original evil; and the thought, in that moment, braced and delighted me like wine.
The fearful passage of their death-mark’d love, And the continuance of their parents’rage, Which, but their children’s end, nought could remove, Is now the two hours’traffic of our stage; The which, if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
I am your wife, if you will marry me; If not, I’ll die your maid: to be your fellow You may deny me; but I’ll be your servant, 85 Whether you will or no.
Tu Mu remarks: When your army has crossed the border, you should burn your boats and bridges, in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no hankering after home.
That it would always be summer and autumn, and you always courting me, and always thinking as much of me as you have done through the past summer-time!
Ay me, sad hours seem long.
SNOUT Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.
Thy drugs are quick.
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character; happiness does that sometimes, but suffering, for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.
But, perhaps the confidential bachelor clerks in Tellson’s Bank were principally occupied with the cares of other people; and perhaps second-hand cares, like second-hand clothes, come easily off and on.
Thus human beings judge of one another, superficially, casually, throwing contempt on one another, with but little reason, and no charity.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
I had traded the fight against love for the fight against loneliness, the fight against life for the fight against death.
He had kept all the pain to himself.
Nothing makes time pass more quickly or more shortens a journey than a thought which absorbs in itself all the faculties of the organization of him who thinks.
I have kept her with me all this time, but now we are going to part, and I have brought her back to you I am going to leave her here.
I thought, if I had caused the cloud, it was my duty to make an effort to dispel it.
But you knew; you understood; you had felt the world outside tugging at one with all its golden hands and yet you hated the things it asks of one; you hated happiness bought by disloyalty and cruelty and indifference.
As for omens, there is no such thing as an omen.
When one is dictating one should speak fluently and not cough.
People talk sometimes of bestial cruelty, but that’s a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel.
Hush, hush, Alexey Fyodorovitch, for I have so much to say to you that I am afraid I shall tell you nothing.
I wish to goodness we had a few fools left.
Young men often laugh at the sensible girls whom they secretly respect, and affect to admire the silly ones whom they secretly despise, because earnestness, intelligence, and womanly dignity are not the fashion.
To read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
I could not resist the temptation of mystifying him a bit I suppose it is some of the taste of the original apple that remains still in our mouths so I handed him the shorthand diary.
I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wraps my existence about you, and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.
It was the very essence of the unknown; it was the sum of the terrors of the unknown, the one culminating and unthinkable catastrophe that could happen to him, about which he knew nothing and about which he feared everything.
The ghostly winter silence had given way to the great spring murmur of awakening life.
Her future, she thought, was likely to be worse than her past, for after her years of contented renunciation, she had slipped back into desire and longing; she found joyless days of distasteful occupation harder and harder; she found the image of the intense and varied life she yearned for, and despaired of, becoming more and more importunate.
It would be an easy map if that were all, but there is also first day at school, religion, fathers, the round pond, needle-work, murders, hangings, verbs that take the dative, chocolate pudding day, getting into braces, say ninety-nine, three-pence for pulling out your tooth yourself, and so on, and either these are part of the island or they are another map showing through, and it is all rather confusing, especially as nothing will stand still.
An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
We live in an age that reads too much to be wise, and that thinks too much to be beautiful.
Receive what cheer you may; The night is long that never finds the day.
I am anchored on a resolve you can not shake.
and what are you doing now?
I hate to think I’ve got to grow up, and be Miss March, and wear long gowns, and look as prim as a China Aster!
For a few seconds they gazed silently into one another’s eyes—and what had seemed impossible and remote suddenly became possible, inevitable, and very near.
And still I stood looking at the house, thinking how happy I should be if I lived there with her, and knowing that I never was happy with her, but always miserable.
Of course it is, said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to everything that Alice said; there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
He said,‘A great many men are mad, and no one knows it.
THE GRAY HOUSE It is in the twenties that the actual momentum of life begins to slacken, and it is a simple soul indeed to whom as many things are significant and meaningful at thirty as at ten years before.
Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
I understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
For one very rich man, there must be at least five hundred poor, and the affluence of the few supposes the indigence of the many.
It puts ideas in their heads, and women are never at ease with themselves when they have ideas.
Dorian, from the moment I met you, your personality had the most extraordinary influence over me.
It seems to me that we all look at Nature too much, and live with her too little.
It is so loud that one can talk the whole time without other people hearing what one says.
Yes, darling, with a little help from others.
Life isn't long enough for love and art.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences, yet it was not a simple, but rather a very complex passion.
The space of sky above us was the colour of ever-changing violet and towards it the lamps of the street lifted their feeble lanterns.
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins.
The most necessary man is he with whom you are, for no man knows whether he will ever have dealings with any one else: and the most important affair is, to do him good, because for that purpose alone was man sent into this life!
Feeling without judgment is a washy draught indeed; but judgment untempered by feeling is too bitter and husky a morsel for human deglutition.
It says: The opposite of every truth is just as true!
A classic, suggested Anthony, is a successful book that has survived the reaction of the next period or generation.
Yet Clare’s sharp questions must I shun; Must separate Constance from the nun— Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practise to deceive!
For men are made for happiness, and any one who is completely happy has a right to say to himself,‘I am doing God’s will on earth.’All the righteous, all the saints, all the holy martyrs were happy.
It is youth’s felicity as well as its insufficiency that it can never live in the present, but must always be measuring up the day against its own radiantly imagined future flowers and gold, girls and stars, they are only prefigurations and prophecies of that incomparable, unattainable young dream.
and not he loves me, since an unalterable and unquestioned law of the musical world required that the German text of French operas sung by Swedish artists should be translated into Italian for the clearer understanding of English-speaking audiences.
If you should marry the handsomest, and most accomplished and superficially agreeable man in the world, you little know the misery that would overwhelm you if, after all, you should find him to be a worthless reprobate, or even an impracticable fool.
I can't go underground for a year, ten years, my whole life, waiting for freedom to be handed to me.
I always lacked common sense when taken by surprise.
For there was something very comfortable in having plenty of stationery.
Dear Prince, I must leave you, but I will never forget you, and next spring I will bring you back two beautiful jewels in place of those you have given away.
After this I call to mind flatness and dampness; and then all is madness—the madness of a memory which busies itself among forbidden things.
It has always seemed absurd to suppose that a god would choose for his companions, during all eternity, the dear souls whose highest and only ambition is to obey.
There’s rosemary, that’s for remembrance; pray love, remember.
’Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forc’d breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected haviour of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shows of grief, That can denote me truly.
I would give you some violets, but they wither’d all when my father died.
What he did not understand was all this worry about so simple an affair as love.
’tis an unweeded garden That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature Possess it merely.
ABSENCE It was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many unavailing sorrows and regrets.
It’s the glory of the sea that has turned my head.
I mean they don’t mind six pairs of boots, or six pounds of apples, or six oranges, especially in equations, but they seem to think you ought not to have five brothers and sisters.
But it did not all happen in a day, this giving over of himself, body and soul, to the man-animals.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whoever could make two ears of corn, or two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner; nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people.
I would rather touch her hand if it were dead, than I would touch any other woman’s living.
The soul selects her own society, Then shuts the door; On her divine majority Obtrude no more.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defence whose opponent does not know what to attack.
Stars and sun, a few bright grains, went spinning round for terror, and holding each other in embrace, there in a darkness that outpassed them all, and left them tiny and daunted.
I don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it.
Every great man nowadays has his disciples, and it is always Judas who writes the biography.
The proper basis for marriage is a mutual misunderstanding.
To get into the best society, nowadays, one has either to feed people, amuse people, or shock people—that is all!
Beauty made you love, and love made you beautiful.
I am the mother that bore you, and your sorrow is my agony; and if you don’t hate her, I do.
I sort of feel they’re never coming again, and I’m not really getting all I could out of them.
Well, I began analyzing it—my imagination persisted in sticking horrors into the dark—so I stuck my imagination into the dark instead, and let it look out at me—I let it play stray dog or escaped convict or ghost, and then saw myself coming along the road.
It is filled with misery and pain; and if a man escapes these, boredom lies in wait for him at every corner.
Beauty is also a gift of God, one of the most rare and precious, and we should be thankful if we are happy enough to possess it and thankful, if we are not, that others possess it for our pleasure.
Men must endure Their going hence, even as their coming hither: Ripeness is all: come on.
Ophelia, walk you here.—Gracious, so please you, We will bestow ourselves.—_To Ophelia._ Read on this book, That show of such an exercise may colour Your loneliness.—We are oft to blame in this,’Tis too much prov’d, that with devotion’s visage And pious action we do sugar o’er The devil himself.
There is fear hanging in the air of the sleeping halls, and in the air of the streets.
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
For small erections may be finished by their first architects; grand ones, true ones, ever leave the copestone to posterity.
Men, declaring that she inspires them to it, move joyfully over the surface, having the most delightful meetings with other men, happy, not because they are masculine, but because they are alive.
O speak again bright angel, for thou art As glorious to this night, being o’er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
Moreover, any man more right than his neighbors constitutes a majority of one already.
See how he cowers and sneaks, how vaguely all the day he fears, not being immortal nor divine, but the slave and prisoner of his own opinion of himself, a fame won by his own deeds.
I shall always be a flower girl to Professor Higgins, because he always treats me as a flower girl, and always will; but I know I can be a lady to you, because you always treat me as a lady, and always will.
So long as man remains free he strives for nothing so incessantly and so painfully as to find some one to worship.
And in the contemplation of this sublime something the soul was exalted to inconceivable heights of which it had before had no conception, while reason lagged behind, unable to keep up with it.
There was much of the beautiful, much of the wanton, much of the bizarre, something of the terrible, and not a little of that which might have excited disgust.
God has given us, in a measure, the power to make our own fate; and when our energies seem to demand a sustenance they can not get—when our will strains after a path we may not follow—we need neither starve from inanition, nor stand still in despair: we have but to seek another nourishment for the mind, as strong as the forbidden food it longed to taste—and perhaps purer; and to hew out for the adventurous foot a road as direct and broad as the one Fortune has blocked up against us, if rougher than it.
I dare say there’s many a woman makes as sad a mistake as I have done, and only finds it out too late.
AMORY: Because selfish people are in a way terribly capable of great loves.
Perhaps they think that in proclaiming the evil of living they somehow salvage their own worth from the ruin but they don't, even you and I._ _.
It's been very rare to have known you, very strange and wonderful.
And she seemed to long for the abstraction called passionate love more than for any particular lover.
I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.
He did not even think the law; he merely lived the law without thinking about it at all.
Nature, that great tragic dramatist, knits us together by bone and muscle, and divides us by the subtler web of our brains; blends yearning and repulsion; and ties us by our heart-strings to the beings that jar us at every movement.
He was poor, yet always appeared to be giving something away; a stranger, yet everyone was his friend; no longer young, but as happy-hearted as a boy; plain and peculiar, yet his face looked beautiful to many, and his oddities were freely forgiven for his sake.
They wanted genuine intimacy, but they could not get even normally near to anyone, because they scorned to take the first steps, they scorned the triviality which forms common human intercourse.
The end of Religion is not to teach us how to die, but how to live; and the earlier you become wise and good, the more of happiness you secure.
Margaret the Churchwoman, her father the Dissenter, Higgins the Infidel, knelt down together.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
Her contempt for me was so strong, that it became infectious, and I caught it.
Oh, how she did like that queer, common boy!
I may do some good before I am dead—be a sort of success as a frightful example of what not to do; and so illustrate a moral story, continued Jude, beginning to grow bitter, though he had opened serenely enough.
PART THE FIRST WINTER CHAPTER I. MELLSTOCK-LANE To dwellers in a wood almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature.
Where, however, happy circumstance permits its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death—that love which many waters can not quench, nor the floods drown, beside which the passion usually called by the name is evanescent as steam.
Gentle, soft dream, nestling in my arms now, you will fly, too, as your sisters have all fled before you: but kiss me before you go—embrace me, Jane.
I have seen something of this world, she said over the crowded trays, and there are but two sorts of women in it—those who take the strength out of a man and those who put it back.
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
If I went out with a couple of rifles and a gun bearer, and twenty or thirty beaters, to hunt a lion, I should not feel that the lion had much chance, and so the pleasure of the hunt would be lessened in proportion to the increased safety which I felt.
’Tis in my memory lock’d, And you yourself shall keep the key of it.
Satire is a sort of glass wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own; which is the chief reason for that kind reception it meets with in the world, and that so very few are offended with it.
Occasionally a line of grey cars crawls along an invisible track, gives out a ghastly creak, and comes to rest, and immediately the ash-grey men swarm up with leaden spades and stir up an impenetrable cloud, which screens their obscure operations from your sight.
Even from the simplest, the most realistic point of view, the countries for which we long occupy, at any given moment, a far larger place in our true life than the country in which we may happen to be.
And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
Thought is the thought of thought.
Yet we met; and fate bound us together at the altar; and I never spoke of passion nor thought of love.
3: the most fatal defect in a military leader is difference; the worst calamities that befall an army arise from hesitation.
26 Now I will do nothing but listen, To accrue what I hear into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it.
But a stranger in a strange land, he is no one; men know him not and to know not is to care not for.
Enter freely and of your own will!
So new to him, she muttered, so old to me; so strange to him, so familiar to me; so melancholy to both of us!
No, reader: gratitude, and many associations, all pleasurable and genial, made his face the object I best liked to see; his presence in a room was more cheering than the brightest fire.
She wanted to read great, beautiful books, and be rich with them; she wanted to see beautiful things, and have the joy of them for ever; she wanted to know big, free people; and there remained always the want she could put no name to.
Daisy was not a Catholic, and I was a little shocked at the elaborateness of the lie.
Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
Nothing should be out of the reach of hope.
As it was, we always misunderstood ourselves and rarely understood others.
Questions are never indiscreet.
Man wanted a home, a place of warmth, or comfort, first of physical warmth, then the warmth of the affections.
If the study to which you apply yourself has a tendency to weaken your affections and to destroy your taste for those simple pleasures in which no alloy can possibly mix, then that study is certainly unlawful, that is to say, not befitting the human mind.
He seemed to see that a man need not leave his life to chance, but that his will was powerful; he seemed to see that self-control might be as passionate and as active as the surrender to passion; he seemed to see that the inward life might be as manifold, as varied, as rich with experience, as the life of one who conquered realms and explored unknown lands.
Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head.
I learned to look more upon the bright side of my condition, and less upon the dark side, and to consider what I enjoyed rather than what I wanted; and this gave me sometimes such secret comforts, that I can not express them; and which I take notice of here, to put those discontented people in mind of it, who can not enjoy comfortably what God has given them, because they see and covet something that He has not given them.
Examine your words well, and you will find that even when you have no motive to be false, it is a very hard thing to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings—much harder than to say something fine about them which is _not_ the exact truth.
But even so, amid the tornadoed Atlantic of my being, do I myself still for ever centrally disport in mute calm; and while ponderous planets of unwaning woe revolve round me, deep down and deep inland there I still bathe me in eternal mildness of joy.
Boldwood, who seemed so much deeper and higher and stronger in feeling than Gabriel, had not yet learnt, any more than she herself, the simple lesson which Oak showed a mastery of by every turn and look he gave—that among the multitude of interests by which he was surrounded, those which affected his personal well-being were not the most absorbing and important in his eyes.
Dark clouds bring waters, when the bright bring none.
A MEMORABLE FANCY The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert that God spoke to them, and whether they did not think at the time that they would be misunderstood, and so be the cause of imposition.
XVIII Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
KING I don't like the look of it at all; however, it may kiss my hand if it likes.
Let us record the atoms as they fall upon the mind in the order in which they fall, let us trace the pattern, however disconnected and incoherent in appearance, which each sight or incident scores upon the consciousness.
A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired.
I asked the question for the best reason possible, for the only reason, indeed, that excuses one for asking any question—simple curiosity.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
Mischief, thou art afoot, Take thou what course thou wilt!
There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn, either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie.
It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk.
When a man is old enough to do wrong he should be old enough to do right also.
If much depends, as is allowed, upon the early education of youth, and the first principles which are instilled take the deepest root, great benefit must arise from literary accomplishments in women.
The moment one sits down to think, one becomes all nose, or all forehead, or something horrid.
I did it to the full, as one should do everything that one does.
If there is disturbance in the camp, the general’s authority is weak.
Therefore, just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions.
There is such a thing as looking through a person’s eyes into the heart, and learning more of the height, and breadth, and depth of another’s soul in one hour than it might take you a lifetime to discover, if he or she were not disposed to reveal it, or if you had not the sense to understand it.
Kant thought things not because they were true, but because he was Kant.
The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.
But when you love in a deeper and intenser way, then you are, in the same proportion, jealous; your jealousy has intensity and, no doubt, ferocity.
Sometimes she went so far as to wish that she might find herself some day in a difficult position, so that she should have the pleasure of being as heroic as the occasion demanded.
Men are free when they belong to a living, organic, _believing_ community, active in fulfilling some unfulfilled, perhaps unrealized purpose.
Nothing like the act of eating for equalising men.
The most worthless of mankind are not afraid to condemn in others the same disorders which they allow in themselves; and can readily discover some nice difference of age, character, or station, to justify the partial distinction.
The streets that we have only seen as children always do, I believe, when we go back to them.
I had seen the damp lying on the outside of my little window, as if some goblin had been crying there all night, and using the window for a pocket-handkerchief.
I never had one hour’s happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
The invisible worm, That flies in the night, In the howling storm, Has found out thy bed Of crimson joy, And his dark secret love Does thy life destroy.
She thought it was part of the hardship of her life that there was laid upon her the burthen of larger wants than others seemed to feel, —that she had to endure this wide, hopeless yearning for that something, whatever it was, that was greatest and best on this earth.
Doubtless this persistence was the best course for his own dignity: but pride only helps us to be generous; it never makes us so, any more than vanity makes us witty.
I expect I shall feel better after tea.'
I can’t think of you and myself apart.
If one’s lot is cast among fools, it is necessary to study folly.
Dead, men and women, born with heavenly compassion in your hearts.
This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate.
To understand, observe, and draw conclusions, man must first of all be conscious of himself as living.
Everyone knows that drunkards and lovers have a protecting deity.
I woke and chid my honest fingers, The gem was gone; And now an amethyst remembrance Is all I own.
If I didn’t care about doing right, and didn’t feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
If the best of one’s feelings means nothing to the person most concerned in those feelings, what reality is left us?
I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life!
Thus do many calculations lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat: how much more no calculation at all!
For, as Chia Lin remarks: if you fight with all your might, there is a chance of life; where as death is certain if you cling to your corner.
It may not be purchased of the merchants, nor can it be weighed out in the balance for gold.
You, who know all the secrets of life, tell me how to charm Sibyl Vane to love me!
He looked at her neck and thought how he would like to jab it with the knife he had for his muffin.
There is nothing so terrible as the pursuit of art by those who have no talent.
Wonderfully, soon afterwards, insight came towards me in the form of the great Buddha’s teachings, I felt the knowledge of the oneness of the world circling in me like my own blood.
One can’t live with one’s finger everlastingly on one’s pulse.
He could remember all about it now; the pitiful figure he must have cut; the absurd way in which he had gone and done the very thing he had so often agreed with himself in thinking would be the most foolish thing in the world; and had met with exactly the consequences which, in these wise moods, he had always foretold were certain to follow, if he ever did make such a fool of himself.
A little tap at the window, as though some missile had struck it, followed by a plentiful, falling sound, as light, though, as if a shower of sand were being sprinkled from a window overhead; then the fall spread, took on an order, a rhythm, became liquid, loud, drumming, musical, innumerable, universal.
With memory set smarting like a reopened wound, a man’s past is not simply a dead history, an outworn preparation of the present: it is not a repented error shaken loose from the life: it is a still quivering part of himself, bringing shudders and bitter flavors and the tinglings of a merited shame.
He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.
Why it was that upon this beautiful feminine tissue, sensitive as gossamer, and practically blank as snow as yet, there should have been traced such a coarse pattern as it was doomed to receive; why so often the coarse appropriates the finer thus, the wrong man the woman, the wrong woman the man, many thousand years of analytical philosophy have failed to explain to our sense of order.
Then cherish pity, lest you drive an angel from your door.
When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
Everything about her was warm and soft and scented: even the stains of her grief became her as rain-drops do the beaten rose.
The taste of the usual was like cinders in his mouth, and there were moments when he felt as if he were being buried alive under his future.
There was much about love in the ballad faithful love that refused to abandon its object; love that disaster could not shake; love that in calamity waxed fonder, in poverty clung closer.
I look on them as things rootless and perishable; their likeness to life makes me sad.
If life be a war, it seemed my destiny to conduct it single-handed.
It's you who are telling me; opening my eyes to things I'd looked at so long that I'd ceased to see them.
To the States To the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved, Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever afterward resumes its liberty.
He only replied, Silence, maiden; thy tongue outruns thy discretion.
Without contraries is no progression.
Try not to associate bodily defects with mental, my good friend, except for a solid reason.’She had got over the fender now, and I had got over my suspicion.
So far as an overpowering heaviness, a prostration of strength, and an utter inability to control our thoughts or power of motion, can be called sleep, this is it; and yet, we have a consciousness of all that is going on about us, and, if we dream at such a time, words which are really spoken, or sounds which really exist at the moment, accommodate themselves with surprising readiness to our visions, until reality and imagination become so strangely blended that it is afterwards almost matter of impossibility to separate the two.
You can not have power for good without having power for evil too.
The soul is born old but grows young.
They give people the opportunity of finding out each other’s character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
It is because Humanity has never known where it was going that it has been able to find its way.
But as soon as I asked myself the question, and tried to discover some subjects to which I could impart a philosophical significance of infinite value, my mind would stop like a clock, I would see before me vacuity, nothing, would feel either that I was wholly devoid of talent, or that, perhaps, a malady of the brain was hindering its development.
I found in myself, and still find, an instinct toward a higher, or, as it is named, spiritual life, as do most men, and another toward a primitive rank and savage one, and I reverence them both.
The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the more people he is connected with and the more power he has over others, the more evident is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
When death, the great Reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
People glorify all sorts of bravery except the bravery they might show on behalf of their nearest neighbors.
If this world is not to our taste, well, at all events there is Heaven, Hell, Annihilation—one or other of those large things, that huge scenic background of stars, fires, blue or black air.
You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts: nothing else will ever be of any service to them.
We were equals afterwards, as we had been before; but, afterwards at quiet times when I sat looking at Joe and thinking about him, I had a new sensation of feeling conscious that I was looking up to Joe in my heart.
I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning, said Alice a little timidly: but it’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
People could put up with being bitten by a wolf but what properly riled them was a bite from a sheep.
She hardly knew what she had been seeking, or why the failure to find it had so blotted the light from her sky: she was only aware of a vague sense of failure, of an inner isolation deeper than the loneliness about her.
He stretched out his hand desperately as if to snatch only a wisp of air, to save a fragment of the spot that she had made lovely for him.
I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife.
There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
But, —and there it is, —we want to live and move, though we have no reason to, because it happens that it is the nature of life to live and move, to want to live and move.
Success in warfare is gained by carefully accommodating ourselves to the enemy’s purpose.
In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clenched fist none.
Love is like a tree; it sprouts forth of itself, sends its roots out deeply through our whole being, and often continues to flourish greenly over a heart in ruins.
For this reason she was fond of seeing great crowds and large stretches of country, of reading about revolutions and wars, of looking at historical pictures a class of efforts as to which she had often committed the conscious solecism of forgiving them much bad painting for the sake of the subject.
You can have your secret as long as I have your heart, he murmured.
The true perfection of man lies, not in what man has, but in what man is.
Veil after veil of thin dusky gauze is lifted, and by degrees the forms and colours of things are restored to them, and we watch the dawn remaking the world in its antique pattern.
but, through the furnace he would fight his way out into the serenity of middle age, all the richer and more human for having known this great passion.
A _grande passion_ is the privilege of people who have nothing to do.
First love is accompanied by such excessive joy that unless the joy be allowed to overflow, it will stifle you.
As I was saying, Mr. Philander, when you interrupted me, the Moors— Professor Archimedes Q. Porter, broke in Mr. Philander, in icy tones, the time has arrived when patience becomes a crime and mayhem appears garbed in the mantle of virtue.
In every country where independence has taken the place of liberty, the first desire of a manly heart is to possess a weapon, which at once renders him capable of defence or attack, and, by rendering its owner terrible, often makes him feared.
Do you know me, my lord?
He had the unfortunate capacity many men, especially Russians, have of seeing and believing in the possibility of goodness and truth, but of seeing the evil and falsehood of life too clearly to be able to take a serious part in it.
When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air.
Happiness, remarked Maury Noble one day, is only the first hour after the alleviation of some especially intense misery.
Money is not made in the light.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
It is not night when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night; Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you, in my respect, are all the world.
‘You are too young to know how the world changes every day,’said Mrs. Creakle,‘and how the people in it pass away.
Joy and grief were mingled in the cup; but there were no bitter tears: for even grief itself arose so softened, and clothed in such sweet and tender recollections, that it became a solemn pleasure, and lost all character of pain.
I am not a fool, you know, although I am a woman, and have my woman’s moments.
She says it's really not very flattering to her that the women who fall in love with her husband are so uncommonly second-rate.
There are few men to whom it is the most important thing in the world, and they are not very interesting ones; even women, with whom the subject is of paramount interest, have a contempt for them.
ALICE I don't see how you can _ever_ finish, if you don't begin.
Was it all put into _words_, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it.
In this hour, Siddhartha stopped fighting his fate, stopped suffering.
Thus Gotama walked towards the town, to collect alms, and the two Samanas recognised him solely by the perfection of his calm, by the quietness of his appearance, in which there was no searching, no desire, no imitation, no effort to be seen, only light and peace.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
To muse for long unwearied hours, with my attention riveted to some frivolous device on the margin, or in the typography of a book; to become absorbed, for the better part of a summer’s day, in a quaint shadow falling aslant upon the tapestry or upon the floor; to lose myself, for an entire night, in watching the steady flame of a lamp, or the embers of a fire; to dream away whole days over the perfume of a flower; to repeat, monotonously, some common word, until the sound, by dint of frequent repetition, ceased to convey any idea whatever to the mind; to lose all sense of motion or physical existence, by means of absolute bodily quiescence long and obstinately persevered in: such were a few of the most common and least pernicious vagaries induced by a condition of the mental faculties, not, indeed, altogether unparalleled, but certainly bidding defiance to anything like analysis or explanation.
The world as he saw it was a fierce and brutal world, a world without warmth, a world in which caresses and affection and the bright sweetnesses of the spirit did not exist.
THE RAVEN Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of, forgotten lore, While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
I can't love you unless I give you up.
The real alchemy consists in being able to turn gold back again into something else; and that's the secret that most of your friends have lost.
Very well; I hear; I admit, but I have a voice, too, and for good or evil mine is the speech that can not be silenced.
Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
Thou know’st’tis common, all that lives must die, Passing through nature to eternity.
She respected her husband in the same way as she respected the General Post Office, as something large, secure and fixed; and though she knew the small number of his talents she appreciated his abstract value as a male.
We must have done something very wicked before we were born, or else we must be going to be very happy indeed when we are dead, for God to let this life have all the tortures of expiation and all the sorrows of an ordeal.
All other swindlers upon earth are nothing to the self-swindlers, and with such pretences did I cheat myself.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
Chapter 10 When Levin thought what he was and what he was living for, he could find no answer to the questions and was reduced to despair, but he left off questioning himself about it.
Seriously The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners or any other particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls: in short, behaving as if you were in Heaven, where there are no third-class carriages, and one soul is as good as another.
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
Conceal your dispositions, and your condition will remain secret, which leads to victory; show your dispositions, and your condition will become patent, which leads to defeat.
The end and aim of spying in all its five varieties is knowledge of the enemy; and this knowledge can only be derived, in the first instance, from the converted spy.
True or false, that which is said of men often occupies as important a place in their lives, and above all in their destinies, as that which they do.
You're young enough and stupid enough not to know that you can't possibly win, so you're the only ones who can lead us to victory! Take it back!
The bright dawn flooded the room and swept the fantastic shadows into dusky corners, where they lay shuddering.
It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things.
Wealth is certainly a most desirable thing, but poverty has its sunny side, and one of the sweet uses of adversity is the genuine satisfaction which comes from hearty work of head or hand, and to the inspiration of necessity, we owe half the wise, beautiful, and useful blessings of the world.
That was comprehensible.
Forgive me, dear, I can’t help seeing that you are very lonely, and sometimes there is a hungry look in your eyes that goes to my heart.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
_Alon._ I long To hear the story of your life, which must Take the ear strangely.
A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear.
It is only when a man feels himself face to face with such horrors that he can understand their true import.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
And if you deliver an opinion at all, it is mere stupidity not to do it with an air of conviction and well-founded knowledge.
Saints and martyrs had never interested Maggie so much as sages and poets.
The fortune of my spirit is not to be blown into coins of brass and flung to the winds as alms for the poor of the spirit.
It is the bungled crime that brings remorse.
XLIII When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see, For all the day they view things unrespected; But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee, And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.
At the moment when her eyes closed, when all feeling vanished in her, she thought that she felt a touch of fire imprinted upon her lips, a kiss more burning than the red-hot iron of the executioner.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Defeat, my Defeat, my deathless courage, You and I shall laugh together with the storm, And together we shall dig graves for all that die in us, And we shall stand in the sun with a will, And we shall be dangerous.
I have read all that the wise men have written, and all the secrets of philosophy are mine, yet for want of a red rose is my life made wretched.
Good afternoon, dear Algernon, I hope you are behaving very well.
The world seemed to me finer because you were in it, and goodness more real because you lived.
It makes one so liable to be misunderstood.
It makes but little difference whether you are committed to a farm or the county jail.
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains.
Wherever there is a great property, there is great inequality.
The dim, dusty room, with the busts staring down from the tall bookcases, the cozy chairs, the globes, and best of all, the wilderness of books in which she could wander where she liked, made the library a region of bliss to her.
With a long enough lever, the world could be moved with a single finger; to sustain it needs the shoulders of Hercules.
And then, gradually, the memory of her would dissolve and vanish, until I had forgotten the maiden of my dream.
I have given him my faith, and sworn my allegiance to him; how, then, can I go back from this, and not be hanged as a traitor?
That I couldn’t conceive a position in which life would not be a misery, that we are all created to be miserable, and that we all know it, and all invent means of deceiving each other.
Scenes of blood and cruelty are shocking to our ear and heart.
You see, I am fate, it shouted, and stronger than your puny plans; and I am how-things-turn-out and I am different from your little dreams, and I am the flight of time and the end of beauty and unfulfilled desire; all the accidents and imperceptions and the little minutes that shape the crucial hours are mine.
There are no secrets better kept than the secrets everybody guesses.
Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Truly, now, said Michael Mail, clearing the corner of his throat in the manner of a man who meant to be convincing; there's a friendly tie of some sort between music and eating.
If Sara had been a boy and lived a few centuries ago, her father used to say, she would have gone about the country with her sword drawn, rescuing and defending everyone in distress.
How can you do anything until you have seen everything, or as much as you can?
If each, I told myself, could be housed in separate identities, life would be relieved of all that was unbearable; the unjust might go his way, delivered from the aspirations and remorse of his more upright twin; and the just could walk steadfastly and securely on his upward path, doing the good things in which he found his pleasure, and no longer exposed to disgrace and penitence by the hands of this extraneous evil.
Under cover of her silence he pressed her arm closely to his side; and, as they stood at the hotel door, he felt that they had escaped from their lives and duties, escaped from home and friends and run away together with wild and radiant hearts to a new adventure.
The manner in which Epictetus, Montaigne, and Salomon Tultie9 wrote, is the most usual, the most suggestive, the most remembered, and the oftenest quoted; because it is entirely composed of thoughts born from the common talk of life.
That he allowed the master these liberties was no reason that he should be a common dog, loving here and loving there, everybody’s property for a romp and good time.
There was a kindliness about intoxication there was that indescribable gloss and glamour it gave, like the memories of ephemeral and faded evenings.
The fire blazing in her dark and injured heart seemed to glow around her like a flame.
It’s no company at all, when people know nothing and say nothing, she muttered.
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
What she does is just the contrary she fastens their eyelids open, so that they're never again in the blessed darkness.
He had known the love that is fed on caresses and feeds them; but this passion that was closer than his bones was not to be superficially satisfied.
I have always thought that a wild animal never looks so well as when some obstacle of pronounced durability is between us; a personal experience has intensified rather than diminished that idea.
I assert most unhesitatingly, that the religion of the south is a mere covering for the most horrid crimes, —a justifier of the most appalling barbarity, —a sanctifier of the most hateful frauds, —and a dark shelter under, which the darkest, foulest, grossest, and most infernal deeds of slaveholders find the strongest protection.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
In the end they come to fill out so completely the curve of his cheeks, to follow so exactly the line of his nose, they blend so harmoniously in the sound of his voice that these seem to be no more than a transparent envelope, so that each time we see the face or hear the voice it is our own ideas of him which we recognise and to which we listen.
The memory has as many moods as the temper, and shifts its scenery like a diorama.
Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life—the life which has a seed of ennobling thought and purpose within it—can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances.
I didn’t know what he was playing up to if he was playing up to anything at all and I suspect he did not know either; for it is my belief no man ever understands quite his own artful dodges to escape from the grim shadow of self-knowledge.
Not Forgive us our sins but Smite us for our iniquities should be the prayer of man to a most just God.
talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first season you will have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact.
When critics disagree, the artist is in accord with himself.
My heart shall never be put under their microscope.
You can hardly imagine that I and Lord Bracknell would dream of allowing our only daughter—a girl brought up with the utmost care—to marry into a cloak-room, and form an alliance with a parcel?
The truth is that when one is still a child or even if one is grown up and has been well fed, and has slept long and softly and warm; when one has gone to sleep in the midst of a fairy story, and has wakened to find it real, one can not be unhappy or even look as if one were; and one could not, if one tried, keep a glow of joy out of one's eyes.
No man ever followed his genius till it misled him.
While I loved, and while I was loved, what an existence I enjoyed!
Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world, he said wisely one day, but people don’t know what it is like or how to make it.
Adversity tries people, and mine has tried you and proved how nice you are.
Kill or be killed, eat or be eaten, was the law; and this mandate, down out of the depths of Time, he obeyed.
Oh, why must a man like that be made unhappy when there are lots of girls about who would worship the very ground he trod on?
I am above the weakness of seeking to establish a sequence of cause and effect, between the disaster and the atrocity.
She was pale as the white marble slab and cornice behind her; her eyes flashed large, dilated, unsmiling.
But if even that can not be, command me to disappear, and I disappear.
When the outlook is bright, bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy.
You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.
Do not interfere with an army that is returning home.
In fact you're so earnest about morality, old Georgie, that I hate to think how essentially immoral you must be underneath.
I think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude—and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating.
He almost said to himself that he did not like her, before their conversation ended; he tried so to compensate himself for the mortified feeling, that while he looked upon her with an admiration he could not repress, she looked at him with proud indifference, taking him, he thought, for what, in his irritation, he told himself he was a great rough fellow, with not a grace or a refinement about him.
It is a moral teething; and I grind with greater energy in proportion to the increase of pain.
We should be blessed if we lived in the present always, and took advantage of every accident that befell us, like the grass which confesses the influence of the slightest dew that falls on it; and did not spend our time in atoning for the neglect of past opportunities, which we call doing our duty.
You are the most earnest-looking person I ever saw in my life.
a genius in the daytime and a beauty at night!
Indeed, when I am in really great trouble, as any one who knows me intimately will tell you, I refuse everything except food and drink.
Most of all, he learned from it to listen, to pay close attention with a quiet heart, with a waiting, opened soul, without passion, without a wish, without judgement, without an opinion.
Money is like a sixth sense without which you can not make a complete use of the other five.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
Is it not so?
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
You’re always begging things to love you, he said, as if you were a beggar for love.
All those frivolities of summer, the light and shadow, the living mask of green that trembled over everything, they were lies, and this is what was underneath.
To be free, a man must be free of his brothers.
For the coming of that day shall I fight, I and my sons and my chosen friends.
Language is the most massive and inclusive art we know, a mountainous and anonymous work of unconscious generations.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow seek happiness.
Man, said the Ghost, if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered What the surplus is, and Where it is.
For, what other dungeon is so dark as one’s own heart!
In another moment she suppressed this emotion; and said with an aspect more triumphant than dejected:‘We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear.
And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness, because it was that which gave the humanity.
The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.
’Tis just: And it is very much lamented, Brutus, That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye, That you might see your shadow.
So unlike anything else, don’t you know, if you see what I mean.
There are many things in this world that a child must not ask about.
I simply felt that he lived in a depth of moral isolation too remote for casual access, and I had the sense that his loneliness was not merely the result of his personal plight, tragic as I guessed that to be, but had in it, as Harmon Gow had hinted, the profound accumulated cold of many Starkfield winters.
It appeared that nobody ever said a thing they meant, or ever talked of a feeling they felt, but that was what music was for.
Many words have been granted me, and some are wise, and some are false, but only three are holy: I will it!
VII WINTER lies too long in country towns; hangs on until it is stale and shabby, old and sullen.
John’s, for instance, had a lagoon with flamingoes flying over it at which John was shooting, while Michael, who was very small, had a flamingo with lagoons flying over it.
I think of you so often you have no idea.
Thus, fear of danger is ten thousand times more terrifying than danger itself, when apparent to the eyes; and we find the burden of anxiety greater, by much, than the evil which we are anxious about: and what was worse than all this, I had not that relief in this trouble that from the resignation I used to practise I hoped to have.
No pins were ever stuck into their cotton vitals, no harsh words or blows were ever given them, no neglect ever saddened the heart of the most repulsive, but all were fed and clothed, nursed and caressed with an affection which never failed.
Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one’s spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses.
Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls; Conscience is but a word that cowards use, Devis'd at first to keep the strong in awe.
I would far rather have two or three lilies of the valley gathered for me by a person I like, than the most expensive bouquet that could be bought!
I don’t believe there’s a man in Milton who knows how to sit still; and it is a great art.
Is there no remedy?
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices, That, if I then had waked after long sleep, Will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, 135 The clouds methought would open, and show riches Ready to drop upon me; that, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
Prejudices are the real robbers; vices are the real murderers.
He says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Chapter XVII Doubts and Fears We learn of great things by little experiences.
She says it has nothing to do with what you look like, or what you have.
We have had to agree on a certain set of rules, called etiquette and politeness, to make this frequent meeting tolerable and that we need not come to open war.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
Most people become bankrupt through having invested too heavily in the prose of life.
But the happiness of a married man, my dear Gerald, depends on the people he has not married.
I want to cut off her head and take out her heart.
Children can feel, but they can not analyse their feelings; and if the analysis is partially effected in thought, they know not how to express the result of the process in words.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
In our nature, however, there is a provision, alike marvellous and merciful, that the sufferer should never know the intensity of what he endures by its present torture, but chiefly by the pang that rankles after it.
There is nothing, Umbopa, that he can not do, there are no mountains he may not climb, there are no deserts he can not cross, save a mountain and a desert of which you are spared the knowledge, if love leads him and he holds his life in his hands counting it as nothing, ready to keep it or lose it as Heaven above may order.
And I can’t admit of an old boy of a God who takes walks in his garden with a cane in his hand, who lodges his friends in the belly of whales, dies uttering a cry, and rises again at the end of three days; things absurd in themselves, and completely opposed, moreover, to all physical laws, which prove to us, by the way, that priests have always wallowed in turpid ignorance, in which they would fain engulf the people with them.
Death lies on her like an untimely frost Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points; Sheridan once explained the reason of General Grant’s victories by saying that while his opponents were kept fully employed wondering what he was going to do, _he_ was thinking most of what he was going to do himself.
And perhaps in this is the whole difference; perhaps all the wisdom, and all truth, and all sincerity, are just compressed into that inappreciable moment of time in which we step over the threshold of the invisible.
Though their life was modest they believed in eating well; the best of everything: diamond-bone sirloins, three-shilling tea and the best bottled stout.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide.
There was no use in trying to emancipate a wife who had not the dimmest notion that she was not free; and he had long since discovered that May's only use of the liberty she supposed herself to possess would be to lay it on the altar of her wifely adoration.
An Englishman reading them would say that Caesar was a man of great common sense and good taste, meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Darkness is cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
What other people may think of the rightness or wrongness is nothing in comparison to my own deep knowledge, my innate conviction that it was wrong.
He knelt by her side, to bring his face to a level with her ear; and whispered panted out the words: Take care.
He had sunk from his modest elevation as pastoral king into the very slime-pits of Siddim; but there was left to him a dignified calm he had never before known, and that indifference to fate which, though it often makes a villain of a man, is the basis of his sublimity when it does not.
I thought, though everybody hated and despised each other, they could not avoid loving me.
In one word, Queequeg, said I, rather digressively; hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.
No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
The sun came up on the way, and the swamp maples and dogwood glowed crimson and orange and the stone walls and cornfields sparkled with hoar frost; the air was keen and clear and full of promise.
And yet, because I love thee, I obtain From that same love this vindicating grace To live on still in love, and yet in vain, — To bless thee, yet renounce thee to thy face.
Each man lives for himself, using his freedom to attain his personal aims, and feels with his whole being that he can now do or abstain from doing this or that action; but as soon as he has done it, that action performed at a certain moment in time becomes irrevocable and belongs to history, in which it has not a free but a predestined significance.
It has taken such deep root in me—my gratitude to him for always loving me best, and minding so much if I hurt myself, from the time when we were very little.
No one so dislikes being punished unjustly as the person who might have been punished justly on scores of previous occasions, if he had only been found out.
It is a peculiarity of situations of this kind that the ideas of debtor and creditor as to what constitutes a good time never coincide.
I have been Heaven’s substitute to recompense the good—now the god of vengeance yields to me his power to punish the wicked!
He could not forget in a day all the evil that had been wrought him at the hands of men.
It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia, normally as genial a bird as ever encouraged a gaggle of hounds to get their noses down to it, lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them.
Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.
Once you teach people to say what they do not understand, it is easy enough to get them to say anything you like.
There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing, perhaps, Margaret thought, the very robin that her father had so often talked of as his winter pet, and for which he had made, with his own hands, a kind of robin-house by his study-window.
Fuchs told me that the sunflowers were introduced into that country by the Mormons; that at the time of the persecution, when they left Missouri and struck out into the wilderness to find a place where they could worship God in their own way, the members of the first exploring party, crossing the plains to Utah, scattered sunflower seed as they went.
Those who have much are often greedy; those who have little always share.
Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven or to hell.
To discover the mode of life or of art whereby your spirit could express itself in unfettered freedom.
Give thy thoughts no tongue, Nor any unproportion’d thought his act.
Now I know that no one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
You can lose a friend in springtime easier than any other season if you’re too curious.
Ah Bartleby!
This courtesan who had cost more money in bouquets than would have kept a whole family in comfort, would sometimes sit on the grass for an hour, examining the simple flower whose name she bore.
People, in that case, are less conscious of the horrible pressure that is being put on them, and so go through their lives in a sort of coarse comfort, like petted animals, without ever realising that they are probably thinking other people’s thoughts, living by other people’s standards, wearing practically what one may call other people’s second-hand clothes, and never being themselves for a single moment.
Nature is as well adapted to our weakness as to our strength.
It is in the brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place also.
Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise.
Many besides Angel have learnt that the magnitude of lives is not as to their external displacements, but as to their subjective experiences.
O my love, my wife, Death that hath suck’d the honey of thy breath, Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
You mustn’t ask too much of human endurance, one must be merciful.
But being in love doesn’t mean loving.
Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour, Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you, Nor think the bitterness of absence sour, When you have bid your servant once adieu; Nor dare I question with my jealous thought Where you may be, or your affairs suppose, But, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought Save, where you are, how happy you make those.
't is in ourselves that we are thus and thus.
She could not but admit that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
A woman can forgive a man for the harm he does her, he said, but she can never forgive him for the sacrifices he makes on her account.
I am glad to say that, though I was crying, I was able to look into Mr. Morris's brave eyes, and I told him out straight:'Yes, there is some one I love, though he has not told me yet that he even loves me.'
I have felt lately, more and more, that my present way of living is bad in every respect.
True love rules above all through recollection.
You concede nothing to me and I have to concede everything to you.
And as mere human knowledge can split a ray of light and analyse the manner of its composition, so, sublimer intelligences may read in the feeble shining of this earth of ours, every thought and act, every vice and virtue, of every responsible creature on it.
Then only was he permitted to be seen, spectacularly poring over large books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the general weight of the establishment.
It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
Then there is least somnolence in us; and for an hour, at least, some part of us awakes which slumbers all the rest of the day and night.
You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love.
No one ever does, except vegetarians and people like that.
When I came hither I slipped in blood, which is an evil omen; and I heard, I am sure I heard in the air a beating of wings, a beating of giant wings.
If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst.
For myself, I always assume that a lion is ferocious, and so I am never caught off my guard.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX ARTISTIC ATTEMPTS It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
It was the old New York way of taking life without effusion of blood: the way of people who dreaded scandal more than disease, who placed decency above courage, and who considered that nothing was more ill-bred than scenes, except the behaviour of those who gave rise to them.
I had rather laze about and think of all the fine things that can be done.
I have no patience with the modern neurotic girl who jazzes from morning to night, smokes like a chimney, and uses language which would make a Billingsgate fishwoman blush!
I had neither kith nor kin in England, and was therefore as free as air or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be.
He remarks that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty.
It was merely the natural desire of a good-hearted young man to be decently chummy with his species.
All these traces of his life seemed to clutch him, and to say to him: No, you’re not going to get away from us, and you’re not going to be different, but you’re going to be the same as you’ve always been; with doubts, everlasting dissatisfaction with yourself, vain efforts to amend, and falls, and everlasting expectation, of a happiness which you won’t get, and which isn’t possible for you.
THE END THE TALE OF THE FLOPSY BUNNIES FOR ALL LITTLE FRIENDS OF MR. McGREGOR & PETER & BENJAMIN IT is said that the effect of eating too much lettuce is soporific.
My love has placed her little hand With noble faith in mine, And vowed that wedlock’s sacred band Our nature shall entwine.
100 Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!
For pleasure has no relish unless we share it.
They all dreamt of each other that night, as was natural, considering how thin the partitions were between them, and how strangely they had been lifted off the earth to sit next each other in mid-ocean, and see every detail of each other’s faces, and hear whatever they chanced to say.
Few things hold the perceptions more thoroughly captive than anxiety about what we have got to say.
Marlow ceased, and sat apart, indistinct and silent, in the pose of a meditating Buddha.
_Seb._ Look, he’s winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy: I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
And he himself, in so far as he shows himself in a false light, becomes a shadow, or, indeed, ceases to exist.
It is a curious subject of observation and inquiry, whether hatred and love be not the same thing at bottom.
She had been bored all the afternoon by Percy Gryce the mere thought seemed to waken an echo of his droning voice but she could not ignore him on the morrow, she must follow up her success, must submit to more boredom, must be ready with fresh compliances and adaptabilities, and all on the bare chance that he might ultimately decide to do her the honour of boring her for life.
My dear Algy, you talk exactly as if you were a dentist.
Nothing annoys people so much as not receiving invitations.
You love the beauty that you can see and touch and handle, the beauty that you can destroy, and do destroy, but of the unseen beauty of life, of the unseen beauty of a higher life, you know nothing.
It’s as demoralising as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
Most men, even in this comparatively free country, through mere ignorance and mistake, are so occupied with the factitious cares and superfluously coarse labors of life that its finer fruits can not be plucked by them.
There will never be a really free and enlightened State, until the State comes to recognize the individual as a higher and independent power, from which all its own power and authority are derived, and treats him accordingly.
Skipping school isn't a crime.
We can not enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the designs of our neighbours.
Moreover, this proves that one can be a fine genius, and yet understand nothing of an art to which one does not belong.
Better be happy old maids than unhappy wives, or unmaidenly girls, running about to find husbands, said Mrs. March decidedly.
This is peculiarly an age in which each of us may, if we do but search diligently, find the literature suited to his mental powers.
For, so inconsistent is human nature, especially in the ideal, that not to undertake a thing at all seems better than to undertake and come short.
But, as he told her, the more he did nothing, the less time he had to do anything.
I sought her eye, desirous to read there the intelligence which I could not discern in her face or hear in her conversation; it was merry, rather small; by turns I saw vivacity, vanity, coquetry, look out through its irid, but I watched in vain for a glimpse of soul.
While the flowers, pale and unreal in the moonlight, floated away upon the river; and thus do greater things that once were in our breasts, and near our hearts, flow from us to the eternal seas.
I daresay it seems foolish; perhaps all our earthly trials will appear foolish to us after a while; perhaps they seem so now to angels.
With such a hell in your heart and your head, how can you?
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
Some day, Utterson, after I am dead, you may perhaps come to learn the right and wrong of this.
First, because I have been made to learn that the doom and burthen of our life is bound for ever on man’s shoulders, and when the attempt is made to cast it off, it but returns upon us with more unfamiliar and more awful pressure.
a thousand weepers, praying in agony on waiting shores, listened for that voice, but it was not uttered—not uttered till; when the hush came, some could not feel it: till, when the sun returned, his light was night to some!
But, tears were not the things to find their way to Mr. Bumble’s soul; his heart was waterproof.
She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that its light can be here on earth.
Shows what a rotten thing it is to let your brain develop too much.
And yet, unless my senses deceive me, the old centuries had, and have, powers of their own which mere modernity can not kill.
All falsehood is a mask; and however well made the mask may be, with a little attention we may always succeed in distinguishing it from the true face.
Chapter II: In Santa Croce with No Baedeker It was pleasant to wake up in Florence, to open the eyes upon a bright bare room, with a floor of red tiles which look clean though they are not; with a painted ceiling whereon pink griffins and blue amorini sport in a forest of yellow violins and bassoons.
Perhaps kind thoughts reach people somehow, even through windows and doors and walls.
Trees were so rare in that country, and they had to make such a hard fight to grow, that we used to feel anxious about them, and visit them as if they were persons.
(It is wonderful what tricks our dreams play us, and how conveniently we can imagine.)
That would be a promotion if it were not that I remain as ridiculous in their eyes as before.
Whereupon Anne arose, took the pink heart gingerly between the tips of her fingers, dropped it on the floor, ground it to powder beneath her heel, and resumed her position without deigning to bestow a glance on Gilbert.
I never told my love vocally; still, if looks have language, the merest idiot might have guessed I was over head and ears: she understood me at last, and looked a return—the sweetest of all imaginable looks.
Your cold blood can not be worked into a fever: your veins are full of ice-water; but mine are boiling, and the sight of such chillness makes them dance.
They belonged to the vast group of human automata who go through life without neglecting to perform a single one of the gestures executed by the surrounding puppets.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN A TELEGRAM November is the most disagreeable month in the whole year, said Margaret, standing at the window one dull afternoon, looking out at the frostbitten garden.
Mark this: as long as people are afraid, they will rot like the birches in the marsh.
You can ensure the safety of your defence if you only hold positions that can not be attacked.
To say she was so occupied is to say that her solitude did not press upon her; for her love of knowledge had a fertilising quality and her imagination was strong.
I was not really angry: I felt for him all the time, and longed to be reconciled; but I determined he should make the first advances, or at least show some signs of an humble and contrite spirit first; for, if I began, it would only minister to his self-conceit, increase his arrogance, and quite destroy the lesson I wanted to give him.
They were simply so many bags of bones in which sparks of life fluttered faintly.
Once down, that was the end of you.
_Mon ami___, two people rarely see the same thing.
Marvellous are the innocent.
He sits motionless, like a spider in the centre of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well every quiver of each of them.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
He fumbles at your spirit As players at the keys Before they drop full music on; He stuns you by degrees, Prepares your brittle substance For the ethereal blow, By fainter hammers, further heard, Then nearer, then so slow Your breath has time to straighten, Your brain to bubble cool, Deals one imperial thunderbolt That scalps your naked soul.
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
When shall we three meet again?
A little water clears us of this deed: How easy is it then!
But that a joy past joy calls out on me, It were a grief so brief to part with thee.
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, That I am meek and gentle with these butchers.
Give me some music: music, moody food Of us that trade in love: the words are Cleopatra's.
Cure her of that: Canst thou not minister to a mind diseas’d, Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, Raze out the written troubles of the brain, And with some sweet oblivious antidote Cleanse the stuff’d bosom of that perilous stuff Which weighs upon the heart?
But, though she had taken such strong possession of me, though my fancy and my hope were so set upon her, though her influence on my boyish life and character had been all-powerful, I did not, even that romantic morning, invest her with any attributes save those she possessed.
The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by post, a day or two previous.
We learn _words_ by rote, but not their meaning; _that_ must be paid for with our life-blood, and printed in the subtle fibres of our nerves.
It is in the slow, changed life that follows; in the time when sorrow has become stale, and has no longer an emotive intensity that counteracts its pain; in the time when day follows day in dull, unexpectant sameness, and trial is a dreary routine, —it is then that despair threatens; it is then that the peremptory hunger of the soul is felt, and eye and ear are strained after some unlearned secret of our existence, which shall give to endurance the nature of satisfaction.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
Our dead are never dead to us until we have forgotten them: they can be injured by us, they can be wounded; they know all our penitence, all our aching sense that their place is empty, all the kisses we bestow on the smallest relic of their presence.
Life is a question of nerves, and fibres, and slowly built-up cells in which thought hides itself and passion has its dreams.
She is like the shadow of a white rose in a mirror of silver.
The lines in the face were few but firm, as if they were carved in marble, and lay principally about the lips, which were slightly compressed, over a set of teeth so faultless and beautiful as to give the effect of sudden sunlight when the rare bright smile, coming in an instant and shining out of the eyes, changed the whole look from the severe and resolved expression of a man ready to do and dare everything, to the keen, honest, enjoyment of the moment, which is seldom shown so fearlessly and instantaneously except by children.
It was a little golden thread running through the dark web of his present fortunes; which were growing ever gloomier and more gloomy.
Signs are small measurable things, but interpretations are illimitable, and in girls of sweet, ardent nature, every sign is apt to conjure up wonder, hope, belief, vast as a sky, and colored by a diffused thimbleful of matter in the shape of knowledge.
RAIN The rain is raining all around, It falls on field and tree, It rains on the umbrellas here, And on the ships at sea.
That odd sort of wayward mood I am speaking of, comes over a man only in some time of extreme tribulation; it comes in the very midst of his earnestness, so that what just before might have seemed to him a thing most momentous, now seems but a part of the general joke.
CHAPTER XVI I both wished and feared to see Mr. Rochester on the day which followed this sleepless night: I wanted to hear his voice again, yet feared to meet his eye.
Something of vengeance I had tasted for the first time; as aromatic wine it seemed, on swallowing, warm and racy: its after-flavour, metallic and corroding, gave me a sensation as if I had been poisoned.
He was a man without a past, whose future was the imminent grave and whose present was a bitter fever of living.
Don’t cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with all your soul that you will never know another like it.
I can say only that I knew the gnawing of a desire for vengeance on him that was a pain in itself and that exceeded all the bounds of language.
But one has to go on living'all the appointed days,'as it says in the Bible.
Whether in an advantageous position or a disadvantageous one, says Ts’ao Kung, the opposite state should be always present to your mind.
The difference is that these young people take it for granted that they're going to get whatever they want, and that we almost always took it for granted that we shouldn't.
And all the while, I suppose, he thought, real people were living somewhere, and real things happening to them.
He might as well plant an oak in a flower-pot, and expect it to thrive, as imagine he can restore her to vigour in the soil of his shallow cares!
Freedom so often means that one isn’t needed anywhere.
There are women who spread ruin around them through no fault of theirs, just by being too beautiful, too full of life and love.
I am alarmed when it happens that I have walked a mile into the woods bodily, without getting there in spirit.
If he had all Peru in his pocket, he would certainly have given it to the dancer; but Gringoire had not Peru, and, moreover, America had not yet been discovered.
So I says My dear if you could give me a cup of tea to clear my muddle of a head I should better understand your affairs.
My Oberon, what visions have I seen!
_Exit._ _Pros._ Ye elves of hills, brooks, standing lakes, and groves; And ye that on the sands with printless foot Do chase the ebbing Neptune, and do fly him 35 When he comes back; you demi-puppets that By moonshine do the green sour ringlets make, Whereof the ewe not bites; and you whose pastime Is to make midnight mushrooms, that rejoice To hear the solemn curfew; by whose aid 40 Weak masters though ye be I have bedimm’d The noontide sun, call’d forth the mutinous winds.
Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia, And therefore I forbid my tears.
Not I, believe me, you have dancing shoes, With nimble soles, I have a soul of lead So stakes me to the ground I can not move.
He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes’bove wisdom, grace, and fear.
Now I am well aware that pettiness and grandeur, malice and charity, hatred and love, can find place side by side in the same human heart.
As a matter of fact, an intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils.
It occurs once in the history of the most gigantic passions, and it is a period when they are in the hands of the weakest will.
Our present subject is very obscure, but, from its importance, must be discussed at some little length; and it is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance.
Well, my dear father, in the shipwreck of life—for life is an eternal shipwreck of our hopes—I cast into the sea my useless encumbrance, that is all, and I remain with my own will, disposed to live perfectly alone, and consequently perfectly free.
Besides, said the abbe, God is merciful to all, as he has been to you; he is first a father, then a judge.
The one duty we owe to history is to re-write it.
Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated.
Well, in the first place girls never marry the men they flirt with.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
But my experience is that as soon as people are old enough to know better, they don’t know anything at all.
Indeed, in many respects, she was quite English, and was an excellent example of the fact that we have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
We have emancipated them, but they remain slaves looking for their masters, all the same.
I do not look on self-indulgent, sensual people as worthy of my hatred; I simply look upon them with contempt for their poorness of character.
Sometimes, in a summer morning, having taken my accustomed bath, I sat in my sunny doorway from sunrise till noon, rapt in a revery, amidst the pines and hickories and sumachs, in undisturbed solitude and stillness, while the birds sing around or flitted noiseless through the house, until by the sun falling in at my west window, or the noise of some traveller’s wagon on the distant highway, I was reminded of the lapse of time.
I have been going about for the last six months telling the whole of society that I adore you.
Even things that are true can be proved.
Because lips libertine and venal had murmured such words to him, he believed but little in the candour of hers; exaggerated speeches hiding mediocre affections must be discounted; as if the fullness of the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest metaphors, since no one can ever give the exact measure of his needs, nor of his conceptions, nor of his sorrows; and since human speech is like a cracked tin kettle, on which we hammer out tunes to make bears dance when we long to move the stars.
There is no good talking to him, said a Dragon-fly, who was sitting on the top of a large brown bulrush; no good at all, for he has gone away.
Believe me, no civilized man ever regrets a pleasure, and no uncivilized man ever knows what a pleasure is.
There are only six lines:'When a golden girl can win Prayer from out the lips of sin, When the barren almond bears, And a little child gives away its tears, Then shall all the house be still And peace come to Canterville.'
It is like handling brier-roses and may-blossoms, bright enough to the eye, and outwardly soft to the touch, but you know there are thorns beneath, and every now and then you feel them too; and perhaps resent the injury by crushing them in till you have destroyed their power, though somewhat to the detriment of your own fingers.
XXIII As an unperfect actor on the stage, Who with his fear is put beside his part, Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage, Whose strength’s abundance weakens his own heart; So I, for fear of trust, forget to say The perfect ceremony of love’s rite, And in mine own love’s strength seem to decay, O’ercharg’d with burthen of mine own love’s might.
It is as if loneliness were a hard and absolute condition of existence; the envelope of flesh and blood on which our eyes are fixed melts before the outstretched hand, and there remains only the capricious, unconsolable, and elusive spirit that no eye can follow, no hand can grasp.
How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true?
Go thither and with unattainted eye, Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
Between the acting of a dreadful thing And the first motion, all the interim is Like a phantasma, or a hideous dream: The genius and the mortal instruments Are then in council; and the state of man, Like to a little kingdom, suffers then The nature of an insurrection.
He’s taller than I am!
People feel with their hearts, Ellen: and since he has destroyed mine, I have not power to feel for him: and I would not, though he groaned from this to his dying day, and wept tears of blood for Catherine!
And there you see the distinction between our feelings: had he been in my place, and I in his, though I hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall, I never would have raised a hand against him.
George’s son had done his work so thoroughly that he was considered too good a workman to live, and was, in fact, taken and tragically shot at twelve o’clock that same day—another instance of the untoward fate which so often attends dogs and other philosophers who follow out a train of reasoning to its logical conclusion, and attempt perfectly consistent conduct in a world made up so largely of compromise.
He looked haggard and careworn, like a Borgia who has suddenly remembered that he has forgotten to shove cyanide in the _consomme_, and the dinner gong due any moment.
What you want, my lad, and what you're going to get are two very different things.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
Seward's Diary._ _26 September._ Truly there is no such thing as finality.
Let any obstructing cause, no matter what, be removed in any way even by death and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment.
She’s not a particular warm-hearted creature to my thinking, though she cares for him pretty middling much—as much as she’s able to; and he could make her heart ache a bit if he liked to try—which he’s too simple to do.
There is no man or woman born into this world to whom some of these trials do not fall, and so I feel that some of them must happen to you; and I desire for you, that while you are young you should seek for strength from your Heavenly Father, that you may have a support which will not fail you in the evil day.
And they laughed so that in the end they were making as much noise as if they had been two ordinary healthy natural ten-year-old creatures—instead of a hard, little, unloving girl and a sickly boy who believed that he was going to die.
You, who so well know the nature of my soul, will not suppose, however, that I gave utterance to a threat.
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, 105 And the lamp-lighto'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor: And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted nevermore.
There was no solution, but that universal solution which life gives to all questions, even the most complex and insoluble.
Everything is made out of Magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people.
He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle, if he had been aware of it.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
He could not feel her near him in the darkness nor her voice touch his ear.
He had but one word for both these kinds of toil; he called them _gardening_.
Here she succeeded better, for she was one of those happily created beings who please without effort, make friends everywhere, and take life so gracefully and easily that less fortunate souls are tempted to believe that such are born under a lucky star.
I’d rather see you poor men’s wives, if you were happy, beloved, contented, than queens on thrones, without self-respect and peace.
such spots are there on the disc of the clearest planet; and eyes like Miss Scatcherd’s can only see those minute defects, and are blind to the full brightness of the orb.
If there are words and wrongs like knives, whose deep-inflicted lacerations never heal—cutting injuries and insults of serrated and poison-dripping edge—so, too, there are consolations of tone too fine for the ear not fondly and for ever to retain their echo: caressing kindnesses—loved, lingered over through a whole life, recalled with unfaded tenderness, and answering the call with undimmed shine, out of that raven cloud foreshadowing Death himself.
Out to Sea I had this story from one who had no business to tell it to me, or to any other.
It does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue of a strong individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick walls, and the rare virtue of interior spaciousness.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
Well, you know, women are often under the impression that men are much more madly in love with them than they really are.
I remember one man who couldn’t get any work to do and his wife died, so he pawned his clothes and bought a revolver; but he made a mess of it, he only shot out an eye and he got all right.
The writer is more concerned to know than to judge.
It would be no better, if I stopped my most unwilling hand.
But one fact he made clear to me; people talk of beauty lightly, and having no feeling for words, they use that one carelessly, so that it loses its force; and the thing it stands for, sharing its name with a hundred trivial objects, is deprived of dignity.
And O what a bright old song it is, that O‘tis love,‘tis love,‘tis love that makes the world go round!
That monster custom, who all sense doth eat, Of habits evil, is angel yet in this, That to the use of actions fair and good He likewise gives a frock or livery That aptly is put on.
The dreamer if you want an exact definition is not a human being, but a creature of an intermediate sort.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Oh, my friend, marriage is the moral death of every proud soul, of all independence.
It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is imagination the mother of truth?
The millions are awake enough for physical labor; but only one in a million is awake enough for effective intellectual exertion, only one in a hundred millions to a poetic or divine life.
One has always had a childhood, whatever one becomes.
The civilized man is a more experienced and wiser savage.
The love born of beauty was not mine; I had nothing in common with it: I could not dare to meddle with it, but another love, venturing diffidently into life after long acquaintance, furnace-tried by pain, stamped by constancy, consolidated by affection’s pure and durable alloy, submitted by intellect to intellect’s own tests, and finally wrought up, by his own process, to his own unflawed completeness, this Love that laughed at Passion, his fast frenzies and his hot and hurried extinction, in _this_ Love I had a vested interest; and whatever tended either to its culture or its destruction, I could not view impassibly.
Love me, then, or hate me, as you will, I said at last, you have my full and free forgiveness: ask now for God’s, and be at peace.
When the common soldiers are too strong and their officers too weak, the result is _insubordination_.
Sun Tzŭ said: Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle, will arrive exhausted.
In a well-governed State, there are few punishments, not because there are many pardons, but because criminals are rare; it is when a State is in decay that the multitude of crimes is a guarantee of impunity.
Archer reddened to the temples, but dared not move or speak: it was as if her words had been some rare butterfly that the least motion might drive off on startled wings, but that might gather a flock about it if it were left undisturbed.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the`Living Infinite,'as one of your poets has said.
I could have forgiven it if he'd fallen desperately in love with someone and gone off with her.
I like books whose virtue is all drawn together in a page or two.
When the long winter nights come on and the wolves follow their meat into the lower valleys, he may be seen running at the head of the pack through the pale moonlight or glimmering borealis, leaping gigantic above his fellows, his great throat a-bellow as he sings a song of the younger world, which is the song of the pack.
There is a patience of the wild—dogged, tireless, persistent as life itself—that holds motionless for endless hours the spider in its web, the snake in its coils, the panther in its ambuscade; this patience belongs peculiarly to life when it hunts its living food; and it belonged to Buck as he clung to the flank of the herd, retarding its march, irritating the young bulls, worrying the cows with their half-grown calves, and driving the wounded bull mad with helpless rage.
So I shall just tell you the nice, interesting parts and in between you will understand that we had our meals and got up and went to bed, and dull things like that.
Love is God, and to die means that I, a particle of love, shall return to the general and eternal source.
She was the smile that shed light on all round her.
I prefer to be foolish when I feel like it, and be accountable to nobody.
Like the tender fire of stars moments of their life together, that no one knew of or would ever know of, broke upon and illumined his memory.
It put me upon reflecting how little repining there would be among mankind at any condition of life if people would rather compare their condition with those that were worse, in order to be thankful, than be always comparing them with those which are better, to assist their murmurings and complainings.
He is himself his own World, his own Universe; of any other than himself he can form no conception; he knows not Length, nor Breadth, nor Height, for he has had no experience of them; he has no cognizance even of the number Two; nor has he a thought of Plurality; for he is himself his One and All, being really Nothing.
No one writes anything that is worth writing, unless he writes entirely for the sake of his subject.
The sky is like a black sieve pierced by silver drops that tremble, ready to burst through.
When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
All beasts are happy, For when they die Their souls are soon dissolved in elements; But mine must live still, and be plagued in hell.
For him the universe did not extend beyond the circumference of her petticoat, and he reproached himself with not loving her.
There is, one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath; like those fabled undulations of the Ephesian sod over the buried Evangelist St. John.
They spoke very little of their mutual feeling; pretty phrases and warm expressions being probably unnecessary between such tried friends.
Every mile was redolent of associations, which she would not have missed for the world, but each of which made her cry upon the days that are no more, with ineffable longing.
But yet men are led away from threatening destruction: a hand is put into theirs, which leads them forth gently towards a calm and bright land, so that they look no more backward; and the hand may be a little child’s.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
A woman dictates before marriage in order that she may have an appetite for submission afterwards.
It was one of those dangerous moments when speech is at once sincere and deceptive; when feeling, rising high above its average depth, leaves floodmarks which are never reached again.
Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies!
And if you wish to receive of the ancient city an impression with which the modern one can no longer furnish you, climb—on the morning of some grand festival, beneath the rising sun of Easter or of Pentecost—climb upon some elevated point, whence you command the entire capital; and be present at the wakening of the chimes.
Great black clouds, heavy, torn, split, hung like crape hammocks beneath the starry dome of night.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
I sometimes think if we knew all, we should be more glad to get away.
For, Evil often stops short at itself and dies with the doer of it; but Good, never.
It is the only way to eat them.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and can not: that is all one can say.
It is said that every life has its roses and thorns; there seemed, however, to have been a misadventure or mistake in Stephen’s case, whereby somebody else had become possessed of his roses, and he had become possessed of the same somebody else’s thorns in addition to his own.
For the secret of man’s being is not only to live but to have something to live for.
In a morbid condition of the brain, dreams often have a singular actuality, vividness, and extraordinary semblance of reality.
Destiny stands by sarcastic with our dramatis personae folded in her hand.
One of these skeletons, which was that of a woman, still had a few strips of a garment which had once been white, and around her neck was to be seen a string of adrezarach beads with a little silk bag ornamented with green glass, which was open and empty.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
Some of the best people that ever lived have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought not to consider poverty a crime.
Margaret thought about him more than she had ever done before; not with any tinge of what is called love, but with regret that she had wounded him so deeply, and with a gentle, patient striving to return to their former position of antagonistic friendship; for a friend’s position was what she found that he had held in her regard, as well as in that of the rest of the family.
They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to Boston or New York.
In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows.
Soon, too soon, were we Where my eyes were useless, And I knew not the ways of my feet I clung to the hand of my friend; But at last he cried, I am lost.
Let us think only of that which threatens our soul.
It is a wound that bleeds when any hand but that of love touches it, and even then must bleed again, though not in pain.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
No, I am not at all cynical, I have merely got experience, which, however, is very much the same thing.
London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
I hope to-morrow will be a fine day, Lane.
In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor the good rewarded.
I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
But good my brother, Do not as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven; Whilst like a puff’d and reckless libertine Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads, And recks not his own rede.
Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
She felt an overwhelming tenderness for him, and a dark, under-stirring of jealous hatred, that he should lie so perfect and immune, in an other-world, whilst she was tormented with violent wakefulness, cast out in the outer darkness.
Even in his own heart’s privacy, he excused himself, saying, If she hadn’t said so-and-so, it would never have happened.
I have never allowed a gentleman to dictate to me, or to interfere with anything I do.
Nothing moved him or spoke to him from the real world unless he heard in it an echo of the infuriated cries within him.
Once I Pass’d Through a Populous City Once I pass’d through a populous city imprinting my brain for future use with its shows, architecture, customs, traditions, Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met there who detain’d me for love of me, Day by day and night by night we were together all else has long been forgotten by me, I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me, Again we wander, we love, we separate again, Again she holds me by the hand, I must not go, I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous.
I am larger, better than I thought, I did not know I held so much goodness.
All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the instruments, It is not the violins and the cornets, it is not the oboe nor the beating drums, nor the score of the baritone singer singing his sweet romanza, nor that of the men’s chorus, nor that of the women’s chorus, It is nearer and farther than they.
I found myself back in the sepulchral city resenting the sight of people hurrying through the streets to filch a little money from each other, to devour their infamous cookery, to gulp their unwholesome beer, to dream their insignificant and silly dreams.
For the years, he felt, had not quenched his soul or hers.
—You behold in me, Stephen said with grim displeasure, a horrible example of free thought.
You may remember the old Persian saying,‘There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.’There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world.
The apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow, nor the lion the horse how he shall take his prey.
For in tremendous extremities human souls are like drowning men; well enough they know they are in peril; well enough they know the causes of that peril; nevertheless, the sea is the sea, and these drowning men do drown.
If any one wishes to be impressed with the soul-killing effects of slavery, let him go to Colonel Lloyd’s plantation, and, on allowance-day, place himself in the deep pine woods, and there let him, in silence, analyze the sounds that shall pass through the chambers of his soul, —and if he is not thus impressed, it will only be because there is no flesh in his obdurate heart.
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated.
It had the effect of a spell, taking her out of the ordinary relations with humanity, and enclosing her in a sphere by herself.
HATTER I keep them to sell.
Madness alone is truly terrifying, inasmuch as you can not placate it either by threats, persuasion, or bribes.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
To reveal art and conceal the artist is art’s aim.
Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar.
The only excuse for making a useless thing is that one admires it intensely.
Even you are not rich enough, Sir Robert, to buy back your past.
We need be careful how we deal with those about us, when every death carries to some small circle of survivors, thoughts of so much omitted, and so little done—of so many things forgotten, and so many more which might have been repaired!
Young girl, the pine is not beautiful; it is not beautiful like the poplar, but it keeps its foliage in winter.
Strange as my circumstances were, the terms of this debate are as old and commonplace as man; much the same inducements and alarms cast the die for any tempted and trembling sinner; and it fell out with me, as it falls with so vast a majority of my fellows, that I chose the better part and was found wanting in the strength to keep to it.
I pretend I am a princess, so that I can try and behave like one.
She hates the leveret that runs across the path; she hates everything that is not what she longs for.
Every human action is inevitably conditioned by what surrounds him and by his own body.
He wished she knew his impressions; but he would as soon have thought of carrying an odour in a net as of attempting to convey the intangibilities of his feeling in the coarse meshes of language.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
A person or an act is never entirely Sansara or entirely Nirvana, a person is never entirely holy or entirely sinful.
Darkness is in our souls do you not think?
For, although at first it had struck her, that his offer was forced and goaded out of him by sharp compassion for the exposure she had made of herself, which he, like others, might misunderstand yet, even before he left the room, and certainly not five minutes after, the clear conviction dawned upon her, shined bright upon her, that he did love her; that he had loved her; that he would love her.
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
And you, their best beloved one, are now to me, flesh of my flesh; blood of my blood; kin of my kin; my bountiful wine-press for a while; and shall be later on my companion and my helper.
It just means that a person is able to know that you are unhappy, and to love you extra on that account, without bothering you by telling you all the time how sorry she is for you.
It was the worst hurt he had ever known.
O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn’d a heaven into hell!
to all the house: Glamis hath murder’d sleep, and therefore Cawdor Shall sleep no more.
Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream, Brief as the lightning in the collied night That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And, ere a man hath power to say,‘Behold!’The jaws of darkness do devour it up: So quick bright things come to confusion.
I’m afraid I couldn’t like him without a spice of human naughtiness.
Yes, she could do that; and with a very earnest prayer, Polly asked for the strength of an upright soul, the beauty of a tender heart, the power to make her life a sweet and stirring song, helpful while it lasted, remembered when it died.
Go on with your work as usual, for work is a blessed solace.
Sun Tzŭ said: The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
But I gave myself up to it; it was an antidote to any pain, and I had more pains than one.
Had you come back for me, and had there been no other way, I would have gone into the jungle with you—forever.
When you see this you will know that it is for you and that Tarzan of the Apes loves you.
The body is literally manufactured and sustained by mind.
Not only freedom from a bond that irked, and a companionship which depressed her; freedom, not only from the death which had threatened, but freedom from the love that had degraded her; freedom from all spiritual ties, the freedom of a disembodied spirit; and with freedom, courage and a valiant unconcern for whatever was to come.
His incredible untidiness, his addiction to music at strange hours, his occasional revolver practice within doors, his weird and often malodorous scientific experiments, and the atmosphere of violence and danger which hung around him made him the very worst tenant in London.
There are nowadays professors of philosophy, but not philosophers.
A bird in the hand was worth two in the bush, he told her, to which she retorted that a proverb was the last refuge of the mentally destitute.
Vaguely, as when you are studying a foreign language and read a page which at first you can make nothing of, till a word or a sentence gives you a clue; and on a sudden a suspicion, as it were, of the sense flashes across your troubled wits, vaguely she gained an inkling into the workings of Walter's mind.
What everybody echoes or in silence passes by as true to-day may turn out to be falsehood to-morrow, mere smoke of opinion, which some had trusted for a cloud that would sprinkle fertilizing rain on their fields.
I believe in it, I answer for it, for the whole work of man really seems to consist in nothing but proving to himself every minute that he is a man and not a piano-key!
I accept the torture of accusation, and my public shame, I want to suffer and by suffering I shall be purified.
One bright day in the last week of February, I was walking in the park, enjoying the threefold luxury of solitude, a book, and pleasant weather; for Miss Matilda had set out on her daily ride, and Miss Murray was gone in the carriage with her mamma to pay some morning calls.
Things happen to people by accident, she used to say.
I am so tired so tired of being whirled on through all these phases of my life, in which nothing abides by me, no creature, no place; it is like the circle in which the victims of earthly passion eddy continually.
And the life of the ebony clock went out with that of the last of the gay.
It must have taken a good deal to overcome her pride.
_Pros._ Thou shalt be as free As mountain winds: but then exactly do All points of my command.
The footsteps are obliterated now; the face of the country may be changed; but the pillar is still there, to remind me how all things were when it was reared.
She said nothing, and Sir Andrew too was silent, yet those two young people understood one another, as young people have a way of doing all the world over, and have done since the world began.
She was no longer that happy creature who in earlier youth wandered with me on the banks of the lake and talked with ecstasy of our future prospects.
You blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!
In the early ages of the world, according to the scripture chronology, there were no kings; the consequence of which was there were no wars; it is the pride of kings which throw mankind into confusion.
With friends, one is well; but at home, one is better, he answered, and went into his study.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain, But lust’s effect is tempest after sun; 800 Love’s gentle spring doth always fresh remain, Lust’s winter comes ere summer half be done.
One must love everything.
The fact was, however, that she was always dreaming and thinking odd things and could not herself remember any time when she had not been thinking things about grown-up people and the world they belonged to.
It's so easy that when you begin you can't stop.
The heart of a woman who loves will forgive many blows.
The child is small, and he includes the man; the brain is narrow, and it harbours thought; the eye is but a point, and it covers leagues.
All our discontents about what we want appeared to me to spring from the want of thankfulness for what we have.
Some folk want their luck buttered.
It's all that the young can do for the old, to shock them and keep them up to date.
Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.
He distrusted her affection; and what loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
A man falling into dark waters seeks a momentary footing even on sliding stones; and Silas, by acting as if he believed in false hopes, warded off the moment of despair.
And as they came out the other side, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone.
We should acknowledge God merciful, but not always for us comprehensible.
I marvelled where you had got that sort of face.
Her own limits were the limits of her horizon; but limited minds can recognize limitations only in others.
Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise; for the result is waste of time and general stagnation.
When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak, the result is _collapse_.
Yes, I was a fool, but I was in love, and though I was suffering the greatest misery I had ever known I would not have had it otherwise for all the riches of Barsoom.
So perfect a government is not for men.
It was on the moral side, and in my own person, that I learned to recognise the thorough and primitive duality of man; I saw that, of the two natures that contended in the field of my consciousness, even if I could rightly be said to be either, it was only because I was radically both; and from an early date, even before the course of my scientific discoveries had begun to suggest the most naked possibility of such a miracle, I had learned to dwell with pleasure, as a beloved daydream, on the thought of the separation of these elements.
I am convinced, that if all men were to live as simply as I then did, thieving and robbery would be unknown.
There is always a something, a remnant, which will never come out from your brain, but will remain there with you, and you alone, for ever and ever, and you will die, perhaps, without having imparted what may be the very essence of your idea to a single living soul.
I admit that twice two makes four is an excellent thing, but if we are to give everything its due, twice two makes five is sometimes a very charming thing too.
If life is often as hard as this, I don’t see how we ever shall get through it, added her sister despondently.
My dear girls, I am ambitious for you, but not to have you make a dash in the world, marry rich men merely because they are rich, or have splendid houses, which are not homes because love is wanting.
I am glad a task to me is given, To labor at day by day, For it brings me health and strength and hope, And I cheerfully learn to say, Head, you may think, Heart, you may feel, But, Hand, you shall work alway!
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
When an uninstructed multitude attempts to see with its eyes, it is exceedingly apt to be deceived.
Love is, after all, a selfish thing; and it throws a black shadow on anything between which and the light it stands.
Souls and memories can do strange things during trance.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
Ah, nowadays we are all of us so hard up, that the only pleasant things to pay _are_ compliments.
It was the passions about whose origin we deceived ourselves that tyrannized most strongly over us.
There he lay in the white intensity of his search, and his voice gradually filled her with fear, so level it was, almost inhuman, as if in a trance.
If I spoke a gentle word in your hearing, may it deafen you!
‘But somebody is always being murdered, and I didn’t read it.’A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I have observed it to be considered since.
I only know that it was, and ceased to be; and that I have written, and there I leave it.
The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden, there came through the open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more delicate perfume of the pink-flowering thorn.
But Dorothea remembered it to the last with the vividness with which we all remember epochs in our experience when some dear expectation dies, or some new motive is born.
Disagreeable is a word that describes your feelings and not my actions.
But most, through midnight streets I hear How the youthful harlot’s curse Blasts the new-born infant’s tear, And blights with plagues the marriage hearse.
Love, that exempts no one beloved from loving, Seized me with pleasure of this man so strongly, That, as thou seest, it doth not yet desert me; Love has conducted us unto one death; Caina waiteth him who quenched our life!
The deeper the self-realization of a man, the more he influences the whole universe by his subtle spiritual vibrations, and the less he himself is affected by the phenomenal flux.
Do not seek absolute values in the relative world of nature.
I sometimes liken it to a fire of dry twigs and branches compared with one of solid coal, very bright and hot; but if it should burn itself out and leave nothing but ashes behind, what shall I do?
But at length, by Elizabeth’s persuasion, he was prevailed on to overlook the offence, and seek a reconciliation; and, after a little further resistance on the part of his aunt, her resentment gave way, either to her affection for him, or her curiosity to see how his wife conducted herself; and she condescended to wait on them at Pemberley, in spite of that pollution which its woods had received, not merely from the presence of such a mistress, but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the city.
OF writing many books there is no end; And I who have written much in prose and verse For others’uses, will write now for mine, — Will write my story for my better self, As when you paint your portrait for a friend, Who keeps it in a drawer and looks at it Long after he has ceased to love you, just To hold together what he was and is.
O, that there would come a famine through all the world, that all might die, and I live alone!
There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realize who it is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him.
There is one thing, and only one thing, in which it is granted to you to be free in life, all else being beyond your power: that is to recognize and profess the truth.
Only a few were irrational assumptions; but, unfortunately, they were the ones which most frequently grew into deeds.
You’ll do to give us the bare words and facts, but we come in to supply the thoughts.
If a married couple come to settle in the town, somehow the gentleman disappears; he is either fairly frightened to death by being the only man in the Cranford evening parties, or he is accounted for by being with his regiment, his ship, or closely engaged in business all the week in the great neighbouring commercial town of Drumble, distant only twenty miles on a railroad.
I think that must be an hereditary quality, for my father says he is scarcely ever wrong.
Although he hated Margaret at times, when he thought of that gentle, familiar attitude and all the attendant circumstances, he had a restless desire to renew her picture in his mind a longing for the very atmosphere she breathed.
Mr. Thornton, said Margaret, shaking all over with her passion, go down this instant, if you are not a coward.
He asked himself what is a woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to distant music, a symbol of.
Read your own obituary notice they say you live longer.
Clare had studied the curves of those lips so many times that he could reproduce them mentally with ease: and now, as they again confronted him, clothed with colour and life, they sent an _aura_ over his flesh, a breeze through his nerves, which well nigh produced a qualm; and actually produced, by some mysterious physiological process, a prosaic sneeze.
And if he left off dreaming about you, where do you suppose you’d be?
A blaze of love, and extinction, was better than a lantern glimmer of the same which should last long years.
All night long he sings, and the cold crystal moon looks down, and the yew-tree spreads out its giant arms over the sleepers.
Yet there are worse things in the world than that.
I forget who it was that recommended men for their soul's good to do each day two things they disliked: it was a wise man, and it is a precept that I have followed scrupulously; for every day I have got up and I have gone to bed.
The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.
He is shut in a tower of brass, and can communicate with his fellows only by signs, and the signs have no common value, so that their sense is vague and uncertain.
Unconsciously, perhaps, we treasure the power we have over people by their regard for our opinion of them, and we hate those upon whom we have no such influence.
Woe to him who offends a child!
Every single human being should be the fulfilment of a prophecy: for every human being should be the realisation of some ideal, either in the mind of God or in the mind of man.
Of her own experience she had no memory of the thing happening; but in her instinct, which was the experience of all the mothers of wolves, there lurked a memory of fathers that had eaten their new-born and helpless progeny.
If for nine years I have possessed a goodly apple that is rotten at the core and discover its rottenness only in nine years and six months less four days, isn't it true to say that for nine years I possessed a goodly apple?
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
I have a business appointment that I am anxious.
If they know nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat.
Every one quoted it, it was full of so many words that they could not understand.
No thinking being lives who, at some luminous point of his life of thought, has not felt himself lost amid the surges of futile efforts at understanding, or believing, that anything exists _greater than his own soul_.
There is no passion in nature so demoniacally impatient, as that of him who, shuddering upon the edge of a precipice, thus meditates a plunge.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
We can't any of us do all we would like, but we can do our best for every case that comes to us, and that helps amazingly.
Lamentations spring only from the constant craving to reopen the wound.
If your mind dislike anything, obey it.
Jo’s breath gave out here, and wrapping her head in the paper, she bedewed her little story with a few natural tears, for to be independent and earn the praise of those she loved were the dearest wishes of her heart, and this seemed to be the first step toward that happy end.
I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world!
This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself, And leads the will to desperate undertakings, As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures.
Call me but love, and I’ll be new baptis’d; Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
I am not old, but my young way was never the way to age.
Many a night that summer she left Dr. Archie's office with a desire to run and run about those quiet streets until she wore out her shoes, or wore out the streets themselves; when her chest ached and it seemed as if her heart were spreading all over the desert.
I love to amuse myself with trifles, by beginning a hundred things and never finishing one of them, by going or coming as I take either into my head, by changing my project at every instant, by following a fly through all its windings, in wishing to overturn a rock to see what is under it, by undertaking with ardor the work of ten years, and abandoning it without regret at the end of ten minutes; finally, in musing from morning until night without order or coherence, and in following in everything the caprice of a moment.
A swift carriage, of a dark night, rattling with four horses over roads that one can’t see that’s my idea of happiness.
There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did.
Her whole being dilated in an atmosphere of luxury; it was the background she required, the only climate she could breathe in.
Poetry and art are the breath of life to her.
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine courage.
I don't know who it is, she said; but somebody cares for me a little.
I love him so much, and so dearly, that when I sometimes think my life may be but a weary one, I am proud of it and glad of it.
Come, dear, Gwendolen rises we have already missed five, if not six, trains.
to see sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight; to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Law never made men a whit more just; and, by means of their respect for it, even the well-disposed are daily made the agents of injustice.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
But she her life was cold as a garret whose dormer window looks on the north, and ennui, the silent spider, was weaving its web in the darkness in every corner of her heart.
She did not believe that things could present themselves in the same way in different places, and since the portion of her life lived had been bad, no doubt that which remained to be lived would be better.
He had the effect on her of a window being thrown open and fresh air and sunlight being let in.
It was you I thought of all the time; I gave to them the love you did not need: lavished on them a love that was not theirs.
God’s law is only Love.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of God, which is the secret of religion—these are the two things that govern us.
The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things.
The world is made by the singer for the dreamer.
With the abolition of private property, then, we shall have true, beautiful, healthy Individualism.
I don’t like compliments, and I don’t see why a man should think he is pleasing a woman enormously when he says to her a whole heap of things that he doesn’t mean.
Alice replied, rather shyly, I—I hardly know, sir, just at present—at least I know who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
It is astonishing what a different result one gets by changing the metaphor!
This made me reflect, how vain an attempt it is for a man to endeavour to do himself honour among those who are out of all degree of equality or comparison with him.
It made me feel as if I were something the dog had brought in and intended to bury later on, when he had time.
I mean to say, there is something about their personality that paralyses the vocal cords and reduces the contents of the brain to cauliflower.
He was one of those earnest, persevering dancers the kind that have taken twelve correspondence lessons.
The uptorn trees are not rooted again; the parted hills are left scarred; if there is a new growth, the trees are not the same as the old, and the hills underneath their green vesture bear the marks of the past rending.
She had felt as if her heart were hiding down there, somewhere, with the quail and the plover and all the little wild things that crooned or buzzed in the sun.
Surely the saddest thing in the world is falling out of love if once one has ever fallen in.
All we have ever managed to do is to pay our rent, the exorbitant rent that one has to pay for a few square feet of space near the heart of things.
But we are not here concerned with hopes or fears, only with the truth as far as our reason permits us to discover it; and I have given the evidence to the best of my ability.
There were several ways of understanding her: there was what she said, and there was what she meant, and there was something, between the two, that was neither.
It’s not my fate to give up I know it can’t be.
To renounce liberty is to renounce being a man, to surrender the rights of humanity and even its duties.
The child is only naughty because he is weak; make him strong and he will be good; if we could do everything we should never do wrong.
One marvel of a day he had walked so far that when he returned the moon was high and full and all the world was purple shadow and silver.
Such men as he be never at heart’s ease Whiles they behold a greater than themselves, And therefore are they very dangerous.
He came up straight to her father, whose hands he took and wrung without a word holding them in his for a minute or two, during which time his face, his eyes, his look, told of more sympathy than could be put into words.
He could not say rather, he would not deny himself the chance of the pleasure of seeing Margaret.
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go.
My surprise reached a climax, however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System.
Who but a coward would pass his whole life in hamlets; and for ever abandon his faculties to the eating rust of obscurity?
Self-abandoned, relaxed, and effortless, I seemed to have laid me down in the dried-up bed of a great river; I heard a flood loosened in remote mountains, and felt the torrent come: to rise I had no will, to flee I had no strength.
Besides, with this creed, I can so clearly distinguish between the criminal and his crime; I can so sincerely forgive the first while I abhor the last: with this creed revenge never worries my heart, degradation never too deeply disgusts me, injustice never crushes me too low: I live in calm, looking to the end.
So may the New Year be a happy one to you, happy to many more whose happiness depends on you!
And as individuals get into trouble by making too great a show of liveries, or as slaves when they are too numerous rise against their masters, so I think I could mention a nation that has got into many great difficulties, and will get into many greater, from maintaining too large a retinue of words.
Whatever the misery, he could not regain contentment with a world which, once doubted, became absurd.
Meg’s high-heeled slippers were very tight and hurt her, though she would not own it, and Jo’s nineteen hairpins all seemed stuck straight into her head, which was not exactly comfortable, but, dear me, let us be elegant or die.
She did not rebuke Jo with saintly speeches, only loved her better for her passionate affection, and clung more closely to the dear human love, from which our Father never means us to be weaned, but through which He draws us closer to Himself.
No ruler should put troops into the field merely to gratify his own spleen; no general should fight a battle simply out of pique.
and hence we can hold the enemy’s fate in our hands.
A wet day was the expression of irremediable grief at her weakness in the mind of some vague ethical being whom she could not class definitely as the God of her childhood, and could not comprehend as any other.
It was always beautiful from here; it was terribly beautiful to Tess to-day, for since her eyes last fell upon it she had learnt that the serpent hisses where the sweet birds sing, and her views of life had been totally changed for her by the lesson.
I verily believe that her not remembering and not minding in the least, made me cry again, inwardly, —and that is the sharpest crying of all.
The only scriptural admonition that Ralph Nickleby heeded, in the letter, was‘know thyself.’He knew himself well, and choosing to imagine that all mankind were cast in the same mould, hated them; for, though no man hates himself, the coldest among us having too much self-love for that, yet most men unconsciously judge the world from themselves, and it will be very generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature, and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant samples.
‘Her mind was an hotel where facts came and went like transient lodgers, without leaving their address behind, and frequently without paying for their board.
She drew them away, and he turned to the door, found his coat and hat under the faint gas-light of the hall, and plunged out into the winter night bursting with the belated eloquence of the inarticulate.
But he thought of it now as a thing so unattainable and improbable that to have repined would have been like despairing because one had not drawn the first prize in a lottery.
When all things lasted so short a time and nothing mattered very much, it seemed pitiful that men, attaching an absurd importance to trivial objects, should make themselves and one another so unhappy.
Towards thee I roll, thou all-destroying but unconquering whale; to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee; for hate’s sake I spit my last breath at thee.
May not one lost soul be permitted to abstain?
Sing about the long deep sleep Of lovers that are dead, and how In the grave all love shall sleep: Love is aweary now.
It whispers to us that there are great things on this earth of ours, and that we can know them if we try, and that we must know them.
His mother put him to bed, and made some camomile tea; and she gave a dose of it to Peter!
A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool nowhere but in’s own house.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
O brave new world, That has such people in’t!
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting, it is a most sharp sauce.
Shame serves thy life and doth thy death attend.
If his destiny be strange, it is also sublime.
One day, when I was suggesting this theory to Captain Nemo, he replied coldly: The earth does not want new continents, but new men.
Her own misery filled her heart—there was no room in it for other people’s sorrow.
We may ignore our own dependence, or refuse to acknowledge that others depend upon us in more respects than the payment of weekly wages; but the thing must be, nevertheless.
But if he dreaded exposure of his tenderness, he was equally desirous that all men should recognise his justice; and he felt that he had been unjust in giving so scornful a hearing to any one who had waited, with humble patience, for five hours, to speak to him.
Why, it would really be being unselfish to go away and be happy for a little, because we would come back so much nicer.
She thought it would be awkward for both to be brought into conscious collision: and fancied that, from her being on a low seat at first, and now standing behind her father, he had overlooked her in his haste.
I daresay there’s great truth in yon Latin book on your shelves; but it’s gibberish and not truth to me, unless I know the meaning o’the words.
She lifted her little savage hand and knocked Emily off the chair, bursting into a passion of sobbing Sara who never cried.
He had them as spellbound as a roomful of Ewoks listening to C3PO.
The people of England regards itself as free; but it is grossly mistaken; it is free only during the election of members of parliament.
They fed me behind bars from an iron pan till one night I felt that I was Bagheera the Panther and no man’s plaything, and I broke the silly lock with one blow of my paw and came away.
It was not so handsome as the chambers where he lodged his male friends; it was not like the hall where he accommodated his philanthropy, or the library where he treasured his science, still less did it resemble the pavilion where his marriage feast was splendidly spread; yet, gradually, by long and equal kindness, he proved to me that he kept one little closet, over the door of which was written Lucy’s Room.
For a long time the fear of seeming singular scared me away; but by degrees, as people became accustomed to me and my habits, and to such shades of peculiarity as were engrained in my nature—shades, certainly not striking enough to interest, and perhaps not prominent enough to offend, but born in and with me, and no more to be parted with than my identity—by slow degrees I became a frequenter of this strait and narrow path.
Finally she smiled, and, rising, said: I shall have to believe even though I can not understand.
The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it, said Holmes.
It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
We are all drifting reefwards now, and faith is our only anchor.
Oh, Madam Mina, good women tell all their lives, and by day and by hour and by minute, such things that angels can read; and we men who wish to know have in us something of angels'eyes.
People who can speak well, speak briefly.
If I had had the power to prevent my own birth I should certainly never have consented to accept existence under such ridiculous conditions.
The amount of it is, if a man is alive, there is always _danger_ that he may die, though the danger must be allowed to be less in proportion as he is dead-and-alive to begin with.
But the rich man—not to make any invidious comparison—is always sold to the institution which makes him rich.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
Over the portal of the new world,‘Be thyself’shall be written.
We women, as some one says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your eyes, if you ever love at all.
You have never been poor, and never known what ambition is.
The only pity was one had to pay so often for a single fault.
I believe I am to have enough to live on for about eighteen months at any rate, so that if I may not write beautiful books, I may at least read beautiful books; and what joy can be greater?
I saw him open his mouth wide—it gave him a weirdly voracious aspect, as though he had wanted to swallow all the air, all the earth, all the men before him.
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts; but the feeling would not last long.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies—which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world—what I want to forget.
His face was like the autumn sky, overcast one moment and bright the next.
When I think of it, the picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in the churchyard, and I sitting on my bed, reading as if for life.
Many hunger-worn outcasts close their eyes in our bare streets, at such times, who, let their crimes have been what they may, can hardly open them in a more bitter world.
It is known, to the force of a single pound weight, what the engine will do; but, not all the calculators of the National Debt can tell me the capacity for good or evil, for love or hatred, for patriotism or discontent, for the decomposition of virtue into vice, or the reverse, at any single moment in the soul of one of these its quiet servants, with the composed faces and the regulated actions.
We went our several ways, said Lady Dedlock, and had little in common even before we agreed to differ.
We think that we are generous because we credit our neighbour with the possession of those virtues that are likely to be a benefit to us.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
I was jealous; therefore I loved.
We have Nature beaten; we can make her grow wheat; we can keep warm when she sends blizzards.
They are composed of an infinity of successive loves, of different jealousies, each of which is ephemeral, although by their uninterrupted multitude they give us the impression of continuity, the illusion of unity.
how hard a thing it is to say What was this forest savage, rough, and stern, Which in the very thought renews the fear.
Moreover, the figure near at hand suffers on such occasion, because it shows up its sorriness without shade; while vague figures afar off are honoured, in that their distance makes artistic virtues of their stains.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
CHAPTER XXII THE GREAT BARN AND THE SHEEP-SHEARERS Men thin away to insignificance and oblivion quite as often by not making the most of good spirits when they have them as by lacking good spirits when they are indispensable.
She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.
Her countenance was all expression; her eyes were not dark, but impenetrably deep; you seemed to discover space after space in their intellectual glance, and to feel that the soul which was their soul, comprehended an universe of thought in its ken.
The Fox A fox looked at his shadow at sunrise and said, I will have a camel for lunch today.
And it’s a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing.
And Troy’s deformities lay deep down from a woman’s vision, whilst his embellishments were upon the very surface; thus contrasting with homely Oak, whose defects were patent to the blindest, and whose virtues were as metals in a mine.
We ought to have lived in mental communion, and no more.
And sometimes you are St. Stephen, who, while they were stoning him, could see Heaven opened.
Now your honour is to know, that these judges are persons appointed to decide all controversies of property, as well as for the trial of criminals, and picked out from the most dexterous lawyers, who are grown old or lazy; and having been biassed all their lives against truth and equity, lie under such a fatal necessity of favouring fraud, perjury, and oppression, that I have known some of them refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than injure the faculty, by doing any thing unbecoming their nature or their office.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
And he felt himself oppressed by this creation of factitious purity, so cunningly manufactured by a conspiracy of mothers and aunts and grandmothers and long-dead ancestresses, because it was supposed to be what he wanted, what he had a right to, in order that he might exercise his lordly pleasure in smashing it like an image made of snow.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea.
I own I can not; but we know not that it will be so; —and I do know that to regret the exchange of earthly pleasures for the joys of heaven, is as if the grovelling caterpillar should lament that it must one day quit the nibbled leaf to soar aloft and flutter through the air, roving at will from flower to flower, sipping sweet honey from their cups, or basking in their sunny petals.
Now, in his heart, Ahab had some glimpse of this, namely: all my means are sane, my motive and my object mad.
A good chessplayer having lost a game is sincerely convinced that his loss resulted from a mistake he made and looks for that mistake in the opening, but forgets that at each stage of the game there were similar mistakes and that none of his moves were perfect.
It did not lead him to meditate upon his frailty as a creature of temperature, and upon man’s frailty in general, able only to live within certain narrow limits of heat and cold; and from there on it did not lead him to the conjectural field of immortality and man’s place in the universe.
The more he studied, the more vistas he caught of fields of knowledge yet unexplored, and the regret that days were only twenty-four hours long became a chronic complaint with him.
His hunger fed upon what he read, and increased.
But the Wild is the Wild, and motherhood is motherhood, at all times fiercely protective whether in the Wild or out of it; and the time was to come when the she-wolf, for her grey cub’s sake, would venture the left fork, and the lair in the rocks, and the lynx’s wrath.
He had been suddenly jerked from the heart of civilization and flung into the heart of things primordial.
He became quicker of movement than the other dogs, swifter of foot, craftier, deadlier, more lithe, more lean with ironlike muscle and sinew, more enduring, more cruel, more ferocious, and more intelligent.
It marked, further, the decay or going to pieces of his moral nature, a vain thing and a handicap in the ruthless struggle for existence.
Imprimis: I am a man who, from his youth upwards, has been filled with a profound conviction that the easiest way of life is the best.
CXXII If any be unhappy, let him remember that he is unhappy by reason of himself alone.
You know well I couldn’t bear to live with a low common man after you two; and it’s wicked and cruel of you to insult me by pretending I could.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Every Friday buries a Thursday if you come to look at it.
It seems stupid to have discovered America only to make it into a copy of another country.
She had taken everything else from him; and now she meant to take the one thing that made up for all the others.
You couldn’t walk alone between two sunrises and hustle the meat for your belly for three meals.
You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home.
At last, we know not what it is to live in the open air, and our lives are domestic in more senses than we think.
I am one of the sort that lives by throwing stones at other people’s glass houses, but I never mean to put up one for them to stone.
Well, I must say, Algernon, that I think it is high time that Mr. Bunbury made up his mind whether he was going to live or to die.
It is their chief charm.
Ordinary people waited till life disclosed to them its secrets, but to the few, to the elect, the mysteries of life were revealed before the veil was drawn away.
What the artist is always looking for is the mode of existence in which soul and body are one and indivisible: in which the outward is expressive of the inward: in which form reveals.
If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart, he answered, sinking into an arm-chair.
It was always springtime once in my heart.
It was the popular theme for jests; it was the best cure for headache, it infallibly prevented the hair from turning grey, it imparted a peculiar delicacy to the complexion, it was the National Razor which shaved close: who kissed La Guillotine, looked through the little window and sneezed into the sack.
Mrs. Joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself.
We won’t make an author of you, while there’s an honest trade to be learnt, or brick-making to turn to.
For an hour or more, I remained too stunned to think; and it was not until I began to think, that I began fully to know how wrecked I was, and how the ship in which I had sailed was gone to pieces.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
I set fire to the horoscope scroll, placing the ashes in a paper bag on which I wrote: Seeds of past karma can not germinate if they are roasted in the divine fires of wisdom.
I take it, no fool ever made a bargain for his soul with the devil; the fool is too much of a fool, or the devil too much of a devil—I don’t know which.
It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red.
There is a mystery about this which stimulates the imagination; where there is no imagination there is no horror.
If I have set it down it is because that which is clearly known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and guessed.
This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie.
There is often a good deal of the child left in people who have had to grow up too soon.
DUCHESS I quite agree with you, and the moral of that is Be what you would seem to be; or, if you'd like it put more simply, Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself—and not a taper lighted at the hearthstone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.
And I add this part here, to hint to whoever shall read it, that whenever they come to a true sense of things, they will find deliverance from sin a much greater blessing than deliverance from affliction.
When women are secret they are secret indeed; and more often than not they only begin to be secret with the advent of a second lover.
But the chief cause of our natural unwillingness to admit that one species has given birth to other and distinct species, is that we are always slow in admitting any great change of which we do not see the intermediate steps.
Depending upon one another's hearts, ye had still hoped that virtue were not all a dream.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
You do not let your eyes see nor your ears hear, and that which is outside your daily life is not of account to you.
From my earliest recollection, I date the entertainment of a deep conviction that slavery would not always be able to hold me within its foul embrace; and in the darkest hours of my career in slavery, this living word of faith and spirit of hope departed not from me, but remained like ministering angels to cheer me through the gloom.
Love was like a parasite in his heart, nourishing a hateful existence on his life’s blood; it absorbed his existence so intensely that he could take pleasure in nothing else.
He found that it was easy to make a heroic gesture, but hard to abide by its results.
As if a woman ever loved a man for his virtue, Kitty mocked.
You can treat them like dogs, you can beat them till your arm aches, and still they love you.
Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life.
It was a night so beautiful that your soul seemed hardly able to bear the prison of the body.
When they were small the parents doted on them, passed through agonies of apprehension at each childish ailment, and the children clung to their parents with love and adoration; a few years passed, the children grew up, and persons not of their kin were more important to their happiness than father or mother.
But Philip was impatient with himself; he called to mind his idea of the pattern of life: the unhappiness he had suffered was no more than part of a decoration which was elaborate and beautiful; he told himself strenuously that he must accept with gaiety everything, dreariness and excitement, pleasure and pain, because it added to the richness of the design.
Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel; But do not dull thy palm with entertainment Of each new-hatch’d, unfledg’d comrade.
Alack, there lies more peril in thine eye Than twenty of their swords.
These times of woe afford no tune to woo.
How is it that the clouds still hang on you?
And bles’d are those Whose blood and judgment are so well co-mingled That they are not a pipe for Fortune’s finger To sound what stop she please.
Your dead sleep quietly, at least, Captain, out of the reach of sharks.
Upon my word, I think the truth is the hardest missile one can be pelted with.
That was the strange thing, that one did not know where one was going, or what one wanted, and followed blindly, suffering so much in secret, always unprepared and amazed and knowing nothing; but one thing led to another and by degrees something had formed itself out of nothing, and so one reached at last this calm, this quiet, this certainty, and it was this process that people called living.
She had accepted this submergence as philosophically as all her other trials, and now, in extreme old age, was rewarded by presenting to her mirror an almost unwrinkled expanse of firm pink and white flesh, in the centre of which the traces of a small face survived as if awaiting excavation.
No fact is too little to let it slip through one's fingers and besides the interest of facts themselves, there is the strange power we have of changing facts by the force of the imagination.
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
But afterwards, is there nothing more for me in life—no true home—nothing to be dearer to me than myself, and by its paramount preciousness, to draw from me better things than I care to culture for myself only?
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
Any time I was feeling low, I'd naturally start to remember other times I felt that way, a hit-parade of humiliations coming one after another to my mind.
Margaret was so unconscious of herself, and so much amused by watching other people, that she never thought whether she was left unnoticed or not.
not a gallon you burn, but at least one drop of man’s blood was spilled for it.
I had been seasoned by adversity, and tutored by experience, and I longed to redeem my lost honour in the eyes of those whose opinion was more than that of all the world to me.
O, with what freshness, what solemnity and beauty, is each new day born; as if to say to insensate man, Behold!
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.
The blood is the life!
She was young and very beautiful, but pale, like the grey pallor of death.
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper, or from that old baboon, who descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
It may be conceded to the mathematicians that four is twice two.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
It was easier to try for your sakes than for my own; a startled or surprised look from one of you, when I spoke sharply, rebuked me more than any words could have done; and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.
It was then that the ecstasy and the dream began, in which emotion was the matter of the universe, and matter but an adventitious intrusion likely to hinder you from spinning where you wanted to spin.
As she walked along to-day, for all her bouncing handsome womanliness, you could sometimes see her twelfth year in her cheeks, or her ninth sparkling from her eyes; and even her fifth would flit over the curves of her mouth now and then.
WHITE QUEEN It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
So do flux and reflux—the rhythm of change—alternate and persist in everything under the sky.
He looked and smelt like Autumn’s very brother, his face being sunburnt to wheat-color, his eyes blue as corn-flowers, his boots and leggings dyed with fruit-stains, his hands clammy with the sweet juice of apples, his hat sprinkled with pips, and everywhere about him that atmosphere of cider which at its first return each season has such an indescribable fascination for those who have been born and bred among the orchards.
He had been held to her by a beautiful thread which it pained him to spoil by breaking, rather than by a chain he could not break.
Queens must be managed: kings must be managed; for men want managing almost as much as women, and that's saying a good deal.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
As long as there is one mistake in the universe; as long as one wrong is permitted to exist; as long as there is hatred and antagonism among mankind, the existence of a God is a moral impossibility.
Well has Solomon said—Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Soft, amiable natures they would have refined to saintliness; of strong, evil spirits they would have made demons; as for me, I have only been a woe-struck and selfish woman.
While I looked, my inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose; I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
It was one of those jolly, happy, bread-crumbling parties where you cough twice before you speak, and then decide not to say it after all.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock.
There were moments when he looked on evil simply as a mode through which he could realize his conception of the beautiful.
She sat to-night revolving, as she was wont, the scenes of the day, her lips often curling with amusement at the oddities to which her fancy added fresh drollery: people were so ridiculous with their illusions, carrying their fool’s caps unawares, thinking their own lies opaque while everybody else’s were transparent, making themselves exceptions to everything, as if when all the world looked yellow under a lamp they alone were rosy.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
We cannibals must help these Christians.
Being alive is the Magic—being strong is the Magic.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
One must wait till it comes.
But the cloud never comes in that quarter of the horizon from which we watch for it.
Of all faults the one she most despised in others was the want of bravery; the meanness of heart which leads to untruth.
Wonderfullest things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no epitaphs; this six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington.
No insect hangs its nest on threads as frail as those which will sustain the weight of human vanity; and the sense of being of importance among the insignificant was enough to restore to Miss Bart the gratifying consciousness of power.
Then stay with me a little longer, Madame Olenska said in a low tone, just touching his knee with her plumed fan.
He exulted in the possession of himself once more; he realised how much of the delight of the world he had lost when he was absorbed in that madness which they called love; he had had enough of it; he did not want to be in love any more if love was that.
Man performs actions because they are good for him, and when they are good for other people as well they are thought virtuous: if he finds pleasure in giving alms he is charitable; if he finds pleasure in helping others he is benevolent; if he finds pleasure in working for society he is public-spirited; but it is for your private pleasure that you give twopence to a beggar as much as it is for my private pleasure that I drink another whiskey and soda.
Therefore have done: some grief shows much of love, But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
_Exit Caliban._ _Re-enter ARIEL, invisible, playing and singing; FERDINAND following._ _ARIEL’S song._ Come unto these yellow sands, 375 And then take hands: Courtsied when you have and kiss’d The wild waves whist: Foot it featly here and there; And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear.
Let us do so: for we are at the stake, And bay’d about with many enemies; And some that smile have in their hearts, I fear, Millions of mischiefs.
But this rough magic 50 I here abjure; and, when I have required Some heavenly music, which even now I do, To work mine end upon their senses, that This airy charm is for, I’ll break my staff, Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, 55 And deeper than did ever plummet sound I’ll drown my book.
And here, over the portals of my fort, I shall cut in the stone the word which is to be my beacon and my banner.
People, in general, he said, only ask advice not to follow it; or if they do follow it, it is for the sake of having someone to blame for having given it.
Ah, my friend, one may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Keeping these impressions in view, I was cautious in what I said before the young lady; for I could not be sure that she was sane; and, in fact, there was a certain restless brilliancy about her eyes which half led me to imagine she was not.
I continued, as was my wont, to smile in his face, and he did not perceive that my smile _now_ was at the thought of his immolation.
All other knowledge is hurtful to him who has not the science of goodness.
Harry, said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
There is a fatality about all physical and intellectual distinction, the sort of fatality that seems to dog through history the faltering steps of kings.
Algernon is an extremely, I may almost say an ostentatiously, eligible young man.
Memory, my dear Cecily, is the diary that we all carry about with us.
Philanthropic people lose all sense of humanity.
Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!
I think life too complex a thing to be settled by these hard and fast rules.
It was only that morning Anne had said, If you went to your own room at midnight, locked the door, pulled down the blind, and _sneezed_, Mrs. Lynde would ask you the next day how your cold was!
Yes, there is something uncanny, devilish and fascinating in her, Kitty said to herself.
In the East, where these ideas and practices have developed, and where for several thousand years an unbroken tradition has created the necessary spiritual foundations, Yoga is, as I can readily believe, the perfect and appropriate method of fusing body and mind together so that they form a unity which is scarcely to be questioned.
Vanity plays lurid tricks with our memory, and the truth of every passion wants some pretence to make it live.
And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count; and, unlike the celebrated herd in the poem, they were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
If there’s any doubt about the matter, he is, returned the doctor.
The leprosy of unreality disfigured every human creature in attendance upon Monseigneur.
We spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us.
I have seen wicked men and fools, a great many of both; and I believe they both get paid in the end; but the fools first.
I found every breath of air, and every scent, and every flower and leaf and blade of grass, and every passing cloud, and everything in nature, more beautiful and wonderful to me than I had ever found it yet.
Then, as Christmas is a time in which, of all times in the year, the memory of every remediable sorrow, wrong, and trouble in the world around us, should be active with us, not less than our own experiences, for all good, he laid his hand upon the boy, and, silently calling Him to witness who laid His hand on children in old time, rebuking, in the majesty of His prophetic knowledge, those who kept them from Him, vowed to protect him, teach him, and reclaim him.
Sleep is still most perfect, in spite of hygienists, when it is shared with a beloved.
Persons with any weight of character carry, like planets, their atmospheres along with them in their orbits; and the matron who entered now upon the scene could, and usually did, bring her own tone into a company.
So strangely did they meet, in the dim wood, that it was like the first encounter, in the world beyond the grave, of two spirits who had been intimately connected in their former life, but now stood coldly shuddering, in mutual dread; as not yet familiar with their state, nor wonted to the companionship of disembodied beings.
The fiend in his own shape is less hideous than when he rages in the breast of man.
He wondered why the pelican was the symbol of charity, except it was that it wanted a good deal of charity to admire a pelican.
There are people, on the other hand, who desire above all to find in that lucky rival the qualities by which he has outstripped them, and seek with a throbbing ache at heart only what is good.
Then he had thought himself unhappy, but happiness was before him; now he felt that the best happiness was already left behind.
Oh, well, if you want original conversation, you'd better go and talk to yourself.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
I am, a stride at a time.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease.
She carried her head high; her hair was done in the shape of a helmet; she had brass leggings to the knee, brass wire gauntlets to the elbow, a crimson spot on her tawny cheek, innumerable necklaces of glass beads on her neck; bizarre things, charms, gifts of witch-men, that hung about her, glittered and trembled at every step.
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless, indefinite as God—so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite, than be ingloriously dashed upon the lee, even if that were safety!
As all partings foreshadow the great final one, so, empty rooms, bereft of a familiar presence, mournfully whisper what your room and what mine must one day be.
Pride is one of the seven deadly sins; but it can not be the pride of a mother in her children, for that is a compound of two cardinal virtues faith and hope.
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
The great trees, which had looked shrunken and bare in the earlier months, had now burst into strong life and health; and stretching forth their green arms over the thirsty ground, converted open and naked spots into choice nooks, where was a deep and pleasant shade from which to look upon the wide prospect, steeped in sunshine, which lay stretched beyond.
Be guided only by the healer of the sick, the raiser of the dead, the friend of all who were afflicted and forlorn, the patient Master who shed tears of compassion for our infirmities.
There is a drowsy state, between sleeping and waking, when you dream more in five minutes with your eyes half open, and yourself half conscious of everything that is passing around you, than you would in five nights with your eyes fast closed, and your senses wrapt in perfect unconsciousness.
And thus ever by day and night, under the sun and under the stars, climbing the dusty hills and toiling along the weary plains, journeying by land and journeying by sea, coming and going so strangely, to meet and to act and react on one another, move all we restless travellers through the pilgrimage of life.
THE PARSONAGE All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity, that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut.
He was there or was not there: not there if I didn’t see him.
Cecilia had, moreover, a turn for sarcasm, and her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a lurking scratch in it.
Good for Christmas-time is the ruddy colour of the cloak, in which—the tree making a forest of itself for her to trip through, with her basket—Little Red Riding-Hood comes to me one Christmas Eve to give me information of the cruelty and treachery of that dissembling Wolf who ate her grandmother, without making any impression on his appetite, and then ate her, after making that ferocious joke about his teeth.
Abnormal is so common, it's practically normal.
The sky was pure opal now, and the roofs of the houses glistened like silver against it.
One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
Soldiers don't complain, she would say between her small, shut teeth, I am not going to do it; I will pretend this is part of a war.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
I remember your saying once that there is a fatality about good resolutions—that they are always made too late.
When I find that I am growing old, I shall kill myself.
I think the stupid people talk a great deal.
A man who moralises is usually a hypocrite, and a woman who moralises is invariably plain.
Only in mirrors should one look, for mirrors do but show us masks.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
I hate people who talk about themselves, as you do, when one wants to talk about oneself, as I do.
He must discover the inevitable mixture of error and corruption, which she contracted in a long residence upon earth, among a weak and degenerate race of beings.
Meg observed it, but did not trouble herself to make inquiries, for she had learned that the best way to manage Jo was by the law of contraries, so she felt sure of being told everything if she did not ask.
Remember that, my dear, and think twice before you do anything.
All evils are to be considered with the good that is in them, and with what worse attends them.
I gazed awhile On her cold smile; Too cold too cold for me There passed, as a shroud, A fleecy cloud, And I turned away to thee, Proud Evening Star, In thy glory afar And dearer thy beam shall be; For joy to my heart Is the proud part Thou bearest in Heaven at night, And more I admire Thy distant fire, Than that colder, lowly light.
In the morning Manfred signed his abdication of the principality, with the approbation of Hippolita, and each took on them the habit of religion in the neighbouring convents.
Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or a silly action, for no other reason than because he knows he should not?
Follow your genius closely enough, and it will not fail to show you a fresh prospect every hour.
But from the very beginning, she continued, I felt there was no one as kind as you; no one who gave me reasons that I understood for doing what at first seemed so hard and unnecessary.
he said to himself, and laughed about it, and as he was saying it, he happened to glance at the river, and he also saw the river going downhill, always moving on downhill, and singing and being happy through it all.
I have always held, too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime; and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an armchair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone.
I am not a very good man, Effie, but I think that I am a better one than you have given me credit for being.
Even the best of us are thrown off sometimes.
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.
I think, sir, when God makes His presence felt through us, we are like the burning bush: Moses never took any heed what sort of bush it was—he only saw the brightness of the Lord.
Sane people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Continual intellectual study results in vanity and the false satisfaction of an undigested knowledge.
I do try to say, God's will be done, sir, said the Squire, looking up at Mr. Gibson for the first time, and speaking with more life in his voice; but it's harder to be resigned than happy people think.
She looked as if she was not attending to the conversation, but solely busy with the tea-cups, among which her round ivory hands moved with pretty, noiseless, daintiness.
Nevertheless, his moustachios are splendid.
I have had no youth no womanhood; the hopes of womanhood have closed for me for I shall never marry; and I anticipate cares and sorrows just as if I were an old woman, and with the same tearful spirit.
Whether we fall by ambition, blood, or lust, Like diamonds, we are cut with our own dust.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite.
Men Can counsel, and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel; but tasting it, Their counsel turns to passion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madness in a silken thread, Charm ache with air, and agony with words: No, no;'t is all men's office to speak patience To those that wring under the load of sorrow; But no man's virtue, nor sufficiency, To be so moral, when he shall endure The like himself.
But orderly to end where I begun, Our wills and fates do so contrary run That our devices still are overthrown.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
The next more easy; For use almost can change the stamp of nature, And either curb the devil, or throw him out With wondrous potency.
No, Cassius, for the eye sees not itself But by reflection, by some other thing.
XII When I do count the clock that tells the time, And see the brave day sunk in hideous night; When I behold the violet past prime, And sable curls, all silvered o’er with white; When lofty trees I see barren of leaves, Which erst from heat did canopy the herd, And summer’s green all girded up in sheaves, Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard, Then of thy beauty do I question make, That thou among the wastes of time must go, Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die as fast as they see others grow; And nothing’gainst Time’s scythe can make defence Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.
’Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
Now, Tybalt, take the‘villain’back again That late thou gav’st me, for Mercutio’s soul Is but a little way above our heads, Staying for thine to keep him company.
It may be taken for granted that, rash as the Americans usually are, when they are prudent there is good reason for it.
As I stood in my lonely bedroom at the hotel, trying to tie my white tie myself, it struck me for the first time that there must be whole squads of chappies in the world who had to get along without a man to look after them.
Beginning with a _critique_ of my own limbs, which she said, justly enough, were nothing to write home about, this girl went on to dissect my manners, morals, intellect, general physique, and method of eating asparagus with such acerbity that by the time she had finished the best you could say of Bertram was that, so far as was known, he had never actually committed murder or set fire to an orphan asylum.
Because women can do nothing except love, they've given it a ridiculous importance.
All men are mad in some way or the other; and inasmuch as you deal discreetly with your madmen, so deal with God's madmen, too the rest of the world.
There is not a single ill-doer who could not be turned to some good.
The passions may rage furiously, like true heathens, as they are; and the desires may imagine all sorts of vain things: but judgment shall still have the last word in every argument, and the casting vote in every decision.
Food and fire, protection and companionship, were some of the things he received from the god.
The chief thing is to love others like yourself, that's the great thing, and that's everything; nothing else is wanted you will find out at once how to arrange it all.
Remember my words, for although I shall talk with you again, not only my days but my hours are numbered.
What a fool I was, said he, not to tear my heart out on the day when I resolved to avenge myself!
Joy to hearts which have suffered long is like the dew on the ground after a long drought; both the heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them, and nothing is outwardly apparent.
And this malady, which was Swann's love, had so far multiplied, was so closely interwoven with all his habits, with all his actions, with his thoughts, his health, his sleep, his life, even with what he hoped for after his death, was so entirely one with him that it would have been impossible to wrest it away without almost entirely destroying him; as surgeons say, his case was past operation.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
Nobody could stand an eternity of heaven.
I had been tricked once by that cheat called love, but the game was over; I was resolved now to be married or nothing, and to be well married or not at all.
The reflection steadied his voice as he asked, between pity and irony: Isn't it natural that I should try to belittle all the things I can't offer you?
One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, can not be trusted to move at any recognized pace.
But there is a fatality, a feeling so irresistible and inevitable that it has the force of doom, which almost invariably compels human beings to linger around and haunt, ghost-like, the spot where some great and marked event has given the color to their lifetime; and still the more irresistibly, the darker the tinge that saddens it.
The Past is the text-book of tyrants; the Future the Bible of the Free.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
But humanity never gets beyond the caterpillar stageâit rots in the chrysalis, it never will have wings.
If you want to slip into a round hole, you must make a ball of yourself; that’s where it is.
We bent to raise the Golden One to their feet, but when we touched them, it was as if madness had stricken us.
He felt a great pity for Aunt Louisa, and he loved her suddenly because she loved him.
Man's desire for the approval of his fellows is so strong, his dread of their censure so violent, that he himself has brought his enemy within his gates; and it keeps watch over him, vigilant always in the interests of its master to crush any half-formed desire to break away from the herd.
We do not hear that Memnon’s statue gave forth its melody at all under the rushing of the mightiest wind, or in response to any other influence divine or human than certain short-lived sunbeams of morning; and we must learn to accommodate ourselves to the discovery that some of those cunningly fashioned instruments called human souls have only a very limited range of music, and will not vibrate in the least under a touch that fills others with tremulous rapture or quivering agony.
Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
But’tis strange: And oftentimes to win us to our harm, The instruments of darkness tell us truths; Win us with honest trifles, to betray’s In deepest consequence.— Cousins, a word, I pray you.
This is too long.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
Ready to go, but never to return.
You will observe that the stories told are all about money-seekers, not about money-finders.
I, measuring his affections by my own, Which then most sought where most might not be found, Being one too many by my weary self, Pursu’d my humour, not pursuing his, And gladly shunn’d who gladly fled from me.
I will roar that I will do any man’s heart good to hear me.
Live all you can; it’s a mistake not to.
They are but beggars that can count their worth; But my true love is grown to such excess, I can not sum up sum of half my wealth.
It is the first changes among familiar things that make such a mystery of time to the young, afterwards we lose the sense of the mysterious.
All that he gained for his sixpenny omnibus ride, was a more vivid conviction that there never was, never could be, any one like Margaret; that she did not love him and never would; but that she no!
Alas, poor country, Almost afraid to know itself!
Ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Relent, sweet Hermia; and, Lysander, yield Thy crazed title to my certain right.
Her clothes spread wide, And mermaid-like, awhile they bore her up, Which time she chaunted snatches of old tunes, As one incapable of her own distress, Or like a creature native and indued Unto that element.
He had killed man, the noblest game of all, and he had killed in the face of the law of club and fang.
The onlookers laughed uproariously, and he felt ashamed, he knew not why, for it was his first snow.
Her training warned her of peril and of wrong, subtle, mysterious, luring; while her instincts rang clarion-voiced through her being, impelling her to hurdle caste and place and gain to this traveller from another world, to this uncouth young fellow with lacerated hands and a line of raw red caused by the unaccustomed linen at his throat, who, all too evidently, was soiled and tainted by ungracious existence.
The clocks were striking midnight and the rooms were very still as a figure glided quietly from bed to bed, smoothing a coverlet here, settling a pillow there, and pausing to look long and tenderly at each unconscious face, to kiss each with lips that mutely blessed, and to pray the fervent prayers which only mothers utter.
Go out more, keep cheerful as well as busy, for you are the sunshine-maker of the family, and if you get dismal there is no fair weather.
The army is the only order of men sufficiently united to concur in the same sentiments, and powerful enough to impose them on the rest of their fellow-citizens; but the temper of soldiers, habituated at once to violence and to slavery, renders them very unfit guardians of a legal, or even a civil constitution.
Oh, gentlemen, do you know, perhaps I consider myself an intelligent man, only because all my life I have been able neither to begin nor to finish anything.
His name is lost, indeed, but the breath he breathed still stirs the pine-tops on the mountains, the sound of the words he spoke yet echoes on through space; the thoughts his brain gave birth to we have inherited to-day; his passions are our cause of life; the joys and sorrows that he knew are our familiar friends—the end from which he fled aghast will surely overtake us also!
Good‐by, Katerina Ivanovna; you can’t be angry with me, for I am a hundred times more severely punished than you, if only by the fact that I shall never see you again.
Then the slim little wife of a husband whose person was disagreeable to her, the ethereal, fine-nerved, sensitive girl, quite unfitted by temperament and instinct to fulfil the conditions of the matrimonial relation with Phillotson, possibly with scarce any man, walked fitfully along, and panted, and brought weariness into her eyes by gazing and worrying hopelessly.
Women are so strange in their influence that they tempt you to misplaced kindness.
To have lost is less disturbing than to wonder if we may possibly have won; and Eustacia could now, like other people at such a stage, take a standing-point outside herself, observe herself as a disinterested spectator, and think what a sport for Heaven this woman Eustacia was.
Nevertheless so profound is our ignorance, and so high our presumption, that we marvel when we hear of the extinction of an organic being; and as we do not see the cause, we invoke cataclysms to desolate the world, or invent laws on the duration of the forms of life!
Her experience had been of a kind to teach her, rightly or wrongly, that the doubtful honour of a brief transit through a sorry world hardly called for effusiveness, even when the path was suddenly irradiated at some half-way point by daybeams rich as hers.
And the thought of being engaged to a girl who talked openly about fairies being born because stars blew their noses, or whatever it was, frankly appalled me.
Now India is a place beyond all others where one must not take things too seriously the midday sun always excepted.
When we see that almost everything men devote their lives to attain, sparing no effort and encountering a thousand toils and dangers in the process, has, in the end, no further object than to raise themselves in the estimation of others; when we see that not only offices, titles, decorations, but also wealth, nay, even knowledge1 and art, are striven for only to obtain, as the ultimate goal of all effort, greater respect from one's fellowmen, is not this a lamentable proof of the extent to which human folly can go?
As the man looks back to the days of his childhood and his youth, and recalls to his mind the strange notions and false opinions that swayed his actions at that time, that he may wonder at them; so should society, for its edification, look back to the opinions which governed the ages fled.
It was Silver’s voice, and before I had heard a dozen words, I would not have shown myself for all the world, but lay there, trembling and listening, in the extreme of fear and curiosity, for from these dozen words I understood that the lives of all the honest men aboard depended upon me alone.
With character, Trot with strength of character that is not to be influenced, except on good reason, by anybody, or by anything.
Where’s the use of looking nice, when no one sees me but those cross midgets, and no one cares whether I’m pretty or not?
There is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty; and there is nothing it professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth!
Let them but once clearly perceive that its grand principle is to make business for itself at their expense, and surely they will cease to grumble.
The red rose heard it, and it trembled all over with ecstasy, and opened its petals to the cold morning air.
Each man lived his own life and paid his own price for living it.
Do you know I am afraid that good people do a great deal of harm in this world.
‘No one is useless in this world,’retorted the Secretary,‘who lightens the burden of it for any one else.’‘But I assure you I DON’T, Mr Rokesmith,’said Bella, half-crying.
He had never known before the strength of the want in his heart for the frequent recognition of a nod, a look, a word; or the immense amount of relief that had been poured into it by drops through such small means.
In a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
I am but too conscious of the fact that we are born in an age when only the dull are treated seriously, and I live in terror of not being misunderstood.
Lord Illingworth told me this morning that there was an orchid there as beautiful as the seven deadly sins.
Old father, old artificer, stand me now and ever in good stead.
He wanted to meet in the real world the unsubstantial image which his soul so constantly beheld.
It’s a patent absurdity on the face of it to hate people because they live round the corner and speak another vernacular, in the next house so to speak.
So we stood hand in hand, like two children, and there was peace in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us.
He is not to be apprehended by reason, but by life, said the Mason.
Indeed, ask every man separately whether he thinks it laudable and worthy of a man of this age to hold a position from which he receives a salary disproportionate to his work; to take from the people often in poverty taxes to be spent on constructing cannon, torpedoes, and other instruments of butchery, so as to make war on people with whom we wish to be at peace, and who feel the same wish in regard to us; or to receive a salary for devoting one's whole life to constructing these instruments of butchery, or to preparing oneself and others for the work of murder.
men have become the tools of their tools.
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores, the foreign faces, the changing immensity of life, glide past, veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself, which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny.
These companions and he laid his hand on some of the books have been good friends to me, and for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure.
Jane, you please me, and you master me—you seem to submit, and I like the sense of pliancy you impart; and while I am twining the soft, silken skein round my finger, it sends a thrill up my arm to my heart.
When his first-born was put into his arms, he could see that the boy had inherited his own eyes, as they once were—large, brilliant, and black.
As yet I had spoken to no one, nor did anybody seem to take notice of me; I stood lonely enough: but to that feeling of isolation I was accustomed; it did not oppress me much.
Strange that grief should now almost choke me, because another human being's eye has failed to greet mine.
I think, scathed as you look, and charred and scorched, there must be a little sense of life in you yet, rising out of that adhesion at the faithful, honest roots: you will never have green leaves more—never more see birds making nests and singing idyls in your boughs; the time of pleasure and love is over with you: but you are not desolate: each of you has a comrade to sympathise with him in his decay.
To this crib I always took my doll; human beings must love something, and, in the dearth of worthier objects of affection, I contrived to find a pleasure in loving and cherishing a faded graven image, shabby as a miniature scarecrow.
At this period of my life, my heart far oftener swelled with thankfulness than sank with dejection: and yet, reader, to tell you all, in the midst of this calm, this useful existence—after a day passed in honourable exertion amongst my scholars, an evening spent in drawing or reading contentedly alone—I used to rush into strange dreams at night: dreams many-coloured, agitated, full of the ideal, the stirring, the stormy—dreams where, amidst unusual scenes, charged with adventure, with agitating risk and romantic chance, I still again and again met Mr. Rochester, always at some exciting crisis; and then the sense of being in his arms, hearing his voice, meeting his eye, touching his hand and cheek, loving him, being loved by him—the hope of passing a lifetime at his side, would be renewed, with all its first force and fire.
To speak of these things and to try to understand their nature and, having understood it, to try slowly and humbly and constantly to express, to press out again, from the gross earth or what it brings forth, from sound and shape and colour which are the prison gates of our soul, an image of the beauty we have come to understand—that is art.
It's sometimes quite astonishing that a single, average life is enough to encompass so much that it's at all possible ever to have any success in one's work here.
In woman’s womb word is made flesh but in the spirit of the maker all flesh that passes becomes the word that shall not pass away.
Success for us is the death of the intellect and of the imagination.
In the dark night, across the bleak wilderness guide us on to our Lord Jesus, guide us home._ His eyes were dimmed with tears and, looking humbly up to heaven, he wept for the innocence he had lost.
God is always the last resource.
My heart is heavy with the things that I do not understand.
There are many foolish people in the world and when a man in a rather high position puts on no frills, slaps them on the back, and tells them he'll do anything in the world for them, they are very likely to think him clever.
Kitty knew too well that she had done nothing to beget her father's affection, he had never counted in the house and had been taken for granted, the bread-winner who was a little despised because he could provide no more luxuriously for his family; but she had taken for granted that he loved her just because he was her father, and it was a shock to discover that his heart was empty of feeling for her.
To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults.
He vaguely desired to walk around and around the body and stare; the impulse of the living to try to read in dead eyes the answer to the Question.
And the greatest of these is freedom.
You who are in power have only the means that money produces—we who are in expectation, have those which devotion prompts.
There are some situations which men understand by instinct, but which reason is powerless to explain; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
But I tell you—and you may mark my words—you will come some day to a craggy pass in the channel, where the whole of life’s stream will be broken up into whirl and tumult, foam and noise: either you will be dashed to atoms on crag points, or lifted up and borne on by some master-wave into a calmer current—as I am now.
He liked to see them as silly, as light-headed, as vain, as open to ridicule as possible, because they were then in reality what he held them to be, and wished them to be inferior, toys to play with, to amuse a vacant hour, and to be thrown away.
She never let people forget what she had done for them—and, that way she missed love.
But at sunset the clouds gathered again, bringing an earlier night, and the snow began to fall straight and steadily from a sky without wind, in a soft universal diffusion more confusing than the gusts and eddies of the morning.
Outside it, in the scene of his actual life, he moved with a growing sense of unreality and insufficiency, blundering against familiar prejudices and traditional points of view as an absent-minded man goes on bumping into the furniture of his own room.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
We find that whole communities suddenly fix their minds upon one object, and go mad in its pursuit; that millions of people become simultaneously impressed with one delusion, and run after it, till their attention is caught by some new folly more captivating than the first.
Society never made the preposterous demand that a man should think as much about his own qualifications for making a charming girl happy as he thinks of hers for making himself happy.
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it, —if it were not the earth where the same flowers come up again every spring that we used to gather with our tiny fingers as we sat lisping to ourselves on the grass; the same hips and haws on the autumn’s hedgerows; the same redbreasts that we used to call God’s birds, because they did no harm to the precious crops.
Jem replied with equal excitement And if you dare to injure her in the least, I will await you where no policeman can step in between.
But now, in this real great time of reasonable fear and nearness of terror, she forgot herself, and felt only an intense sympathy intense to painfulness in the interests of the moment.
He seems to have declared war on the King’s English as well as on the English king.
After ordering and consuming a light supper of sucking pig, he undressed, plunged beneath the bedclothes, and sank into the profound slumber which comes only to such fortunate folk as are troubled neither with mosquitoes nor fleas nor excessive activity of brain.
That's what I look at some people for.
She is always starving for new books to gobble, and she wants grown-up books great, big, fat ones French and German as well as English history and biography and poets, and all sorts of things.
I am tired to death of myself; I would give all I possess to get out of myself; but somehow, at the end, I find myself so vastly more interesting than nine tenths of the people I meet.
I wish mine eyes Would, with themselves, shut up my thoughts: I find They are inclined to do so.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
What, ho!
We find, in all these records of the past, philosophies and dreams, and efforts stained with tears, of great and tender souls who tried to pierce the mystery of life and death, to answer the eternal questions of the Whence and Whither, and vainly sought to make, with bits of shattered glass, a mirror that would, in very truth, reflect the face and form of Nature's perfect self.
From the dim regions beyond the mountains at the upper end of our encircled domain, there crept out a narrow and deep river, brighter than all save the eyes of Eleonora; and, winding stealthily about in mazy courses, it passed away, at length, through a shadowy gorge, among hills still dimmer than those whence it had issued.
Over the Mountains Of the Moon, 20 Down the Valley of the Shadow, Ride, boldly ride, The shade replied, If you seek for Eldorado!
They had lived for a while in the very heart of poetry.
Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions a walk, a talk, solitude in one's own orchard can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind.
There are some books that _live_, she mused.
Because I am afraid of him, said Syme; and no man should leave in the universe anything of which he is afraid.
Yes, as every one knows, meditation and water are wedded for ever.
Nothing so aggravates an earnest person as a passive resistance.
It rather proceeds from a certain hopelessness of remedying excessive and organic ill. To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
We should come home from far, from adventures, and perils, and discoveries every day, with new experience and character.
I had three pieces of limestone on my desk, but I was terrified to find that they required to be dusted daily, when the furniture of my mind was all undusted still, and I threw them out the window in disgust.
A man who will enslave his own blood, may not be safely relied on for magnanimity.
Envy, and pride, and avarice, even these Are the three sparks have set all hearts on fire.'
We are ashamed of everything that is real about us; ashamed of ourselves, of our relatives, of our incomes, of our accents, of our opinions, of our experience, just as we are ashamed of our naked skins.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
The fact that God loves man shows us that in the divine order of ideal things it is written that eternal love is to be given to what is eternally unworthy.
It is only by language that we rise above them, or above each other—by language, which is the parent, and not the child, of thought.
Then I am sorry I did not stay away longer.
To test reality we must see it on the tight rope.
It was true that as one watched life in its curious crucible of pain and pleasure, one could not wear over one’s face a mask of glass, nor keep the sulphurous fumes from troubling the brain and making the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and misshapen dreams.
To my own knowledge she has been thirty-five ever since she arrived at the age of forty, which was many years ago now.
I tremble with pleasure when I think that on the very day of my leaving prison both the laburnum and the lilac will be blooming in the gardens, and that I shall see the wind stir into restless beauty the swaying gold of the one, and make the other toss the pale purple of its plumes, so that all the air shall be Arabia for me.
The long black nights, when the moon hides her face, when the stars are afraid, are not so black.
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks like a happy married life.
Each of us has heaven and hell in him, Basil, cried Dorian with a wild gesture of despair.
The ancient poets animated all sensible objects with Gods or Geniuses, calling them by the names and adorning them with properties of woods, rivers, mountains, lakes, cities, nations, and whatever their enlarged and numerous senses could perceive.
Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
She had learnt the lesson of renunciation, and was as familiar with the wreck of each day’s wishes as with the diurnal setting of the sun.
Thoroughly convinced of the impossibility of his own suit, a high resolve constrained him not to injure that of another.
I mean I have not felt about them as most women are taught to feel—to be on their guard against attacks on their virtue; for no average man—no man short of a sensual savage—will molest a woman by day or night, at home or abroad, unless she invites him.
As you got older, and felt yourself to be at the centre of your time, and not at a point in its circumference, as you had felt when you were little, you were seized with a sort of shuddering, he perceived.
Whatever question arose, a swarm of these drones, without having finished their buzzing on a previous theme, flew over to the new one and by their hum drowned and obscured the voices of those who were disputing honestly.
We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live forever, there, in the Whole, said Pierre, and he pointed to the sky.
Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
No man lives, can live, without having _some_ object in view, and making efforts to attain that object.
You're all the things that I see in a sunset when I'm driving in from the country, the things that I like but can't make poetry of.
But, to see it, he must have overleaped at a bound the artificial barriers he had for many years been erecting, between himself and all those subtle essences of humanity which will elude the utmost cunning of algebra until the last trumpet ever to be sounded shall blow even algebra to wreck.
It made me hold my breath in expectation of hearing the wilderness burst into a prodigious peal of laughter that would shake the fixed stars in their places.
You may not understand why He leads you now in this way and now in that, but you may, nay, you must believe that perfection is stamped on His every act.
I have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, I have no doubt, said Estella, and of course if it ceased to beat I should cease to be.
His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
Providence had meditated better things for me than I could possibly imagine for myself.
Why is it that when you awake to the world of realities you nearly always feel, sometimes very vividly, that the vanished dream has carried with it some enigma which you have failed to solve?
She lived a good deal by herself, to herself, working, passing on from day to day, and always thinking, trying to lay hold on life, to grasp it in her own understanding.
The _thing itself_ is the essence of all abuse!
I’m happy as a cricket here, answered Jo.
Strength and beauty must go together.
He seems to me to have betrayed unconsciously, and so early, that timid despair which leads so many in our unhappy society, who dread cynicism and its corrupting influences, and mistakenly attribute all the mischief to European enlightenment, to return to their‘native soil,’as they say, to the bosom, so to speak, of their mother earth, like frightened children, yearning to fall asleep on the withered bosom of their decrepit mother, and to sleep there for ever, only to escape the horrors that terrify them.
There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
She looked at him, and oh, the weariness to her, of the effort to understand another language, the weariness of hearing him, attending to him, making out who he was, as he stood there fair-bearded and alien, looking at her.
That’s how women are with me, said Paul.
It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm.
I have ever found them the meanest and basest, the most cruel and cowardly, of all others.
Age is no better, hardly so well, qualified for an instructor as youth, for it has not profited so much as it has lost.
No man ever stood the lower in my estimation for having a patch in his clothes; yet I am sure that there is greater anxiety, commonly, to have fashionable, or at least clean and unpatched clothes, than to have a sound conscience.
She was so tired, so stunned, that she thought she never slept at all; her feverish thoughts passed and repassed the boundary between sleeping and waking, and kept their own miserable identity.
She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession.
In music one can hear everything, said Nikolay quietly.
And I shall go on talking, in a low voice while the sea sounds in the distance and overhead the great black flood of wind polishes the bright stars.
We are all so afraid, we are all so alone, we all so need from the outside the assurance of our own worthiness to exist.
She struck the notes with aplomb, and ran from top to bottom of the keyboard without a break.
To have a full stomach, to doze lazily in the sunshine—such things were remuneration in full for his ardours and toils, while his ardours and tolls were in themselves self-remunerative.
He shall live to run with the Pack and to hunt with the Pack; and in the end, look you, hunter of little naked cubs frog-eater fish-killer he shall hunt thee!
—The sacred pint alone can unbind the tongue of Dedalus, he said.
I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces so full of stupid importance.
Nevertheless, there can be but few of us who had never known one of these rare moments of awakening when we see, hear, understand ever so much everything in a flash before we fall back again into our agreeable somnolence.
A writing may be lost; a lie may be written; but what the eye has seen is truth and remains in the mind!  I remember,  said the white man, quietly.
Now, after what he had heard from el-Tadhil, he began to fear whether in the presence of far greater events, all his acts would not fade into insignificance, just as a drop of rain disappears in the sea.
she concluded with the wisdom invariably shewn by people who, not being in love themselves, feel that a clever man ought to be unhappy only about such persons as are worth his while; which is rather like being astonished that anyone should condescend to die of cholera at the bidding of so insignificant a creature as the common bacillus.
And once the novelist has brought us to that state, in which, as in all purely mental states, every emotion is multiplied ten-fold, into which his book comes to disturb us as might a dream, but a dream more lucid, and of a more lasting impression than those which come to us in sleep; why, then, for the space of an hour he sets free within us all the joys and sorrows in the world, a few of which, only, we should have to spend years of our actual life in getting to know, and the keenest, the most intense of which would never have been revealed to us because the slow course of their development stops our perception of them.
God help thee, old man, thy thoughts have created a creature in thee; and he whose intense thinking thus makes him a Prometheus; a vulture feeds upon that heart for ever; that vulture the very creature he creates.
Because no man can ever feel his own identity aright except his eyes be closed; as if darkness were indeed the proper element of our essences, though light be more congenial to our clayey part.
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
It eats music and pictures and books and mountains and lakes and beautiful things to wear and nice people to be with.
My brother asked the birds to forgive him; that sounds senseless, but it is right; for all is like an ocean, all is flowing and blending; a touch in one place sets up movement at the other end of the earth.
I have got to make everything that has happened to me good for me.
It is pleasant to sit in the green wood, and to watch the Sun in his chariot of gold, and the Moon in her chariot of pearl.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
It was clear that everything considered important and good was insignificant and repulsive, and that all the glamour and luxury hid the old, well-known crimes, which not only remained unpunished but were adorned with all the splendour which men were capable of inventing.
That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.
It is a passive feeling capable of being roused for any object, as the vine can grow on any tree; and the wisdom of the world recognises its strength when it urges a girl to marry the man who wants her with the assurance that love will follow.
No; I imagine, joking apart, that to know love, one must make mistakes and then correct them, said Princess Betsy.
Well, does not this tell you that in grief, as in life, there is always something to look forward to beyond?
Between them a spark passed which was not afterwards to be extinguished, though neither of them knew the moment of its kindling, and Mount Dunstan slightly frowned.
Always wanting another man than your own.
Her narrow and supple waist, which a hand may clasp around, sets forth the outline of her rounded figure and the beauty of her bosom, where youth in its flower displays the wealth of its treasures; and beneath the silken folds of her tunic she seems to have been modelled in pure silver by the godlike hand of Vicvarcarma, the immortal sculptor.
The soul forms its own horizons; your soul is darkened, and consequently the sky of the future appears stormy and unpromising.
I know not what to call this, nor will I urge that it is a secret overruling decree, that hurries us on to be the instruments of our own destruction, even though it be before us, and that we rush upon it with our eyes open.
But it was otherwise directed; and it may not be amiss for all people who shall meet with my story to make this just observation from it: How frequently, in the course of our lives, the evil which in itself we seek most to shun, and which, when we are fallen into, is the most dreadful to us, is oftentimes the very means or door of our deliverance, by which alone we can be raised again from the affliction we are fallen into.
And then there stole into my fancy, like a rich musical note, the thought of what sweet rest there must be in the grave.
I was forced to fall back upon the unsatisfactory conclusion, that while, beyond doubt, there _are_ combinations of very simple natural objects which have the power of thus affecting us, still the analysis of this power lies among considerations beyond our depth.
Well, I think we are.
Adieu, my lord, I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze, But that this folly douts it.
Why, let the strucken deer go weep, The hart ungalled play; For some must watch, while some must sleep, So runs the world away.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
Now could I drink hot blood, And do such bitter business as the day Would quake to look on.
Plants will grow about your roots, whether you ask them or not, because they take delight in your bountiful shadow; and as they grow they will lean towards you, and wind round you, because your strength offers them so safe a prop.
I think I must admit so fair a guest when it asks entrance to my heart.
In sunshine, in prosperity, the flowers are very well; but how many wet days are there in life November seasons of disaster, when a man’s hearth and home would be cold indeed, without the clear, cheering gleam of intellect.
I scorn your idea of love, I could not help saying, as I rose up and stood before him, leaning my back against the rock.
And it can dwell on moonlight glimmer, On evening shade and loneliness; And, while the sky grows dim and dimmer, Feel no untold and strange distress Only a deeper impulse given By lonely hour and darkened room, To solemn thoughts that soar to heaven Seeking a life and world to come.
Macbeth does murder sleep, —the innocent sleep; Sleep that knits up the ravell’d sleave of care, The death of each day’s life, sore labour’s bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course, Chief nourisher in life’s feast.
The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars, As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night.
XXXIV Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day, And make me travel forth without my cloak, To let base clouds o’ertake me in my way, Hiding thy bravery in their rotten smoke?
Joy, gentle friends, joy and fresh days of love Accompany your hearts!
Thus with a kiss I die.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
But indefinite visions of ambition are weak against the ease of doing what is habitual or beguilingly agreeable; and we all know the difficulty of carrying out a resolve when we secretly long that it may turn out to be unnecessary.
Desire is chastened into submission, and we are contented with our day when we have been able to bear our grief in silence and act as if we were not suffering.
Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor’s buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder.
How can one ever do anything nobly Christian, living among people with such petty thoughts?
It is better—it shall be better with me because I have known you.
Our toil must be in silence, and our efforts all in secret; for in this enlightened age, when men believe not even what they see, the doubting of wise men would be his greatest strength.
What manner of man is this, or what manner of creature is it in the semblance of man?
I want to learn from myself, want to be my student, want to get to know myself, the secret of Siddhartha.
He saw them toiling, saw them suffering, and becoming gray for the sake of things which seemed to him entirely unworthy of this price, for money, for little pleasures, for being slightly honoured, he saw them scolding and insulting each other, he saw them complaining about pain at which a Samana would only smile, and suffering because of deprivations which a Samana would not feel.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
When a tender affection has been storing itself in us through many of our years, the idea that we could accept any exchange for it seems to be a cheapening of our lives.
To feel anything strongly was to create an abyss between oneself and others who feel strongly perhaps but differently.
We must, however, acknowledge, as it seems to me, that man with all his noble qualities, with sympathy which feels for the most debased, with benevolence which extends not only to other men but to the humblest living creature, with his god-like intellect which has penetrated into the movements and constitution of the solar system—with all these exalted powers—Man still bears in his bodily frame the indelible stamp of his lowly origin.
In fact, Puritanism has never ceased to be the most pernicious factor in the domain of John Bull, acting as censor of the artistic expression of his people, and stamping its approval only on the dullness of middle-class respectability.
He had a confused sense that she must have cost a great deal to make, that a great many dull and ugly people must, in some mysterious way, have been sacrificed to produce her.
Oh, centuries and centuries; so long, she said, that I'm sure I'm dead and buried, and this dear old place is heaven; which, for reasons he could not define, struck Newland Archer as an even more disrespectful way of describing New York society.
It was too late for happiness but not too late to be helped by the thought of what I had missed.
No: but my going is, he answered, cursing the unnecessary explanations that he had given when he had announced his intention of going to Washington, and wondering where he had read that clever liars give details, but that the cleverest do not.
It would mean that I would always be haunted by an intolerable sense of disgrace, and that those things that are meant for me as much as for anybody else the beauty of the sun and moon, the pageant of the seasons, the music of daybreak and the silence of great nights, the rain falling through the leaves, or the dew creeping over the grass and making it silver would all be tainted for me, and lose their healing power, and their power of communicating joy.
If it were I who was to be always young, and the picture that was to grow old!
It is not half as useful as Logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true.
Because lips libertine and venal had murmured such words to him, he believed but little in the candour of hers; exaggerated speeches hiding mediocre affections must be discounted; as if the fullness of the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest metaphors, since no one can ever give the exact measure of his needs, nor of his conceptions, nor of his sorrows; and since human speech is like a cracked tin kettle, on which we hammer out tunes to make bears dance when we long to move the stars.
Indifference is the revenge the world takes on mediocrities.
It feels instinctively that manners are of more importance than morals, and, in its opinion, the highest respectability is of much less value than the possession of a good _chef_.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
I don’t know that women are always rewarded for being charming.
You became to me the visible incarnation of that unseen ideal whose memory haunts us artists like an exquisite dream.
It can never be necessary to do what is not honourable.
One should never do anything that one can not talk about after dinner.
I have always been thinking of the different ways in which Christianity is taught, and whenever I find one way that makes it a wider blessing than any other, I cling to that as the truest—I mean that which takes in the most good of all kinds, and brings in the most people as sharers in it.
When people are engaged, they begin to think of being married soon, said Lucy, too thoroughly preoccupied to notice Maggie’s joke; and I should like everything to go on for a long while just as it is.
This, indeed, was a home, —_home_, —a word that George had never yet known a meaning for; and a belief in God, and trust in his providence, began to encircle his heart, as, with a golden cloud of protection and confidence, dark, misanthropic, pining atheistic doubts, and fierce despair, melted away before the light of a living Gospel, breathed in living faces, preached by a thousand unconscious acts of love and good will, which, like the cup of cold water given in the name of a disciple, shall never lose their reward.
I say, wonderful are the hellish experiences Orphic, delicate Dionysos of the Underworld.
O, teach me how you look, and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius’heart!
But soft, what light through yonder window breaks?
if it be so, It is a chance which does redeem all sorrows That ever I have felt!
I don’t think secrets agree with me, I feel rumpled up in my mind since you told me that, said Jo rather ungratefully.
One of the sweet things about pain and sorrow is that they show us how well we are loved, how much kindness there is in the world, and how easily we can make others happy in the same way when they need help and sympathy.
This grieved me heartily; and now I saw, though too late, the folly of beginning a work before we count the cost, and before we judge rightly of our own strength to go through with it.
There is thy gold, worse poison to men’s souls, Doing more murder in this loathsome world Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
There is thy gold, worse poison to men’s souls, Doing more murder in this loathsome world Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
When a man turns a blessing from his door, it falls to them as take it in.
There are glances of hatred that stab and raise no cry of murder; robberies that leave man or woman forever beggared of peace and joy, yet kept secret by the sufferer committed to no sound except that of low moans in the night, seen in no writing except that made on the face by the slow months of suppressed anguish and early morning tears.
A dull mind, once arriving at an inference that flatters a desire, is rarely able to retain the impression that the notion from which the inference started was purely problematic.
God manifests himself to us in the first degree through the life of the universe, and in the second through the thought of man.
Black I am, whilst you are white; Night and the day, when united, Bring forth the beautiful light.
When he had come to their house, there had been always something, either of over-eagerness or of that kind of vexed annoyance which seemed ready to pre-suppose that he was unjustly judged, and yet felt too proud to try and make himself better understood.
Well, I really don’t advise a woman who wants to have things her own way to get married, she said, beginning a fresh row rather elaborately.
His eyes were bright, and, indeed, he scarcely knew whether they beheld dreams or realities.
And not only does a Russian‘become an Atheist,’but he actually _believes in_ Atheism, just as though he had found a new faith, not perceiving that he has pinned his faith to a negation.
At last my heart was too full.
I wish I had never been born—there or anywhere else!
But, God knows best, I concluded.
He has to live in the midst of the incomprehensible, which is also detestable.
He would be lying in camp, dozing lazily in the heat of the day, when suddenly his head would lift and his ears cock up, intent and listening, and he would spring to his feet and dash away, and on and on, for hours, through the forest aisles and across the open spaces where the niggerheads bunched.
The thing was to know what he belonged to, how many powers of darkness claimed him for their own.
Your life has been like a cabin where the fire is out and there are no blankets on the floor.
Go and sleep, for the moon sets, and what follows it is not well that thou shouldst see.
But this night our feet must tread in thorny paths; or later, and for ever, the feet you love must walk in paths of flame!
Nay, from what you have told me of your experiences already, you know something of what strange things there may be.
It will be a whole idea soon, and then, oh, unconscious cerebration!
For in these matters we must not believe the many, who say that free persons only ought to be educated, but we should rather believe the philosophers who say that the educated only are free.
At every change he makes a secret comparison, which continually tends to lessen his respect for those who control him, and with it their authority over him.
Yes, it was ugly enough; but if you were man enough you would admit to yourself that there was in you just the faintest trace of a response to the terrible frankness of that noise, a dim suspicion of there being a meaning in it which you—you so remote from the night of first ages—could comprehend.
We are, all of us, creatures of habit, and when the seeming necessity for schooling ourselves in new ways ceases to exist, we fall naturally and easily into the manners and customs which long usage has implanted ineradicably within us.
Lahiri Mahasaya often said:'If you don't invite God to be your summer Guest, He won't come in the winter of your life.'
I could show you that whatever your powerful mind believes very intensely would instantly come to pass.'
We must always remember, however, said Psmith gravely, that poets are also God’s creatures.
Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master.
There was the frightful suspense, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff.
To cast it in with Hyde, was to die to a thousand interests and aspirations, and to become, at a blow and forever, despised and friendless.
Once you get to naming your laptop, you know that you're really having a deep relationship with it.
It is not to be believed!
I have a rosy sky and a green flowery Eden in my brain; but without, I am perfectly aware, lies at my feet a rough tract to travel, and around me gather black tempests to encounter.’You ran downstairs and demanded of Mrs. Fairfax some occupation: the weekly house accounts to make up, or something of that sort, I think it was.
any more than these little things, that used to be necessary and important to forgotten people, and now have to be guessed at under a magnifying glass and labelled:'Use unknown.'
They stood together in the gloom of the spruces, an empty world glimmering about them wide and grey under the stars.
He had her in his arms, her face like a wet flower at his lips, and all their vain terrors shrivelling up like ghosts at sunrise.
Where poverty ceases, avarice begins.
Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in daintiness and determination.
I agree with you, said I; and steam seems to have killed all gratitude in the hearts of sailors.
From these several considerations I think it inevitably follows, that as new species in the course of time are formed through natural selection, others will become rarer and rarer, and finally extinct.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide.
The urbane activity with which a man receives money is really marvellous, considering that we so earnestly believe money to be the root of all earthly ills, and that on no account can a monied man enter heaven.
Thou saw’st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.
Pardon him, Theodotus: he is a barbarian, and thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature.
So, if any one man, in his own proper person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody, let him not be backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be spent in that way.
But man’s capacities have never been measured; nor are we to judge of what he can do by any precedents, so little has been tried.
It seems as though mankind has forgotten the laws of its divine Saviour, Who preached love and forgiveness of injuries—and that men attribute the greatest merit to skill in killing one another.
The question how to live had hardly begun to grow a little clearer to him, when a new, insoluble question presented itself—death.
At that instant he knew that all his doubts, even the impossibility of believing with his reason, of which he was aware in himself, did not in the least hinder his turning to God.
I understand the force that in the past gave me life, and now too gives me life.
It was not this spring morning men thought sacred and worthy of consideration not the beauty of God’s world, given for a joy to all creatures, this beauty which inclines the heart to peace, to harmony, and to love, but only their own devices for enslaving one another.
21._ Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
For it matters not how small the beginning may seem to be: what is once well done is done for ever.
Oh!
The humiliation of his rejection stung him to the heart, as though it were a fresh wound he had only just received.
It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought, to detect what is sophistical, and to discard what is irrelevant.
The history of culture explains to us the impulses and conditions of life and thought of a writer or a reformer.
There is no distress so complete but that even in the most critical moments the inexplicable sunrise of hope is seen in its depths.
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
It was as though he had sailed for many years over a great waste of waters, with peril and privation, and at last had come upon a fair haven, but as he was about to enter, some contrary wind had arisen and drove him out again into the open sea; and because he had let his mind dwell on these soft meads and pleasant woods of the land, the vast deserts of the ocean filled him with anguish.
It was like making a blunder at a party; there was nothing to do about it, it was dreadfully mortifying, but it showed a lack of sense to ascribe too much importance to it.
They say a woman always remembers her first lover with affection; but perhaps she does not always remember him.
In the first place, a man never is happy, but spends his whole life in striving after something which he thinks will make him so; he seldom attains his goal, and when he does, it is only to be disappointed; he is mostly shipwrecked in the end, and comes into harbor with masts and rigging gone.
Happy the son whose faith in his mother remains unchanged, and who, through all his wanderings, has kept some filial token to repay her brave and tender love.
Of course I was under the spell, and the wonderful part is that, even at the time, I perfectly knew I was.
For with eyes made clear by many tears, and a heart softened by the tenderest sorrow, she recognized the beauty of her sister’s life—uneventful, unambitious, yet full of the genuine virtues which‘smell sweet, and blossom in the dust’, the self-forgetfulness that makes the humblest on earth remembered soonest in heaven, the true success which is possible to all.
I shall lie abed late, and do nothing, replied Meg, from the depths of the rocking chair.
And Polly didn't think she had done much; but it was one of the little things which are always waiting to be done in this world of ours, where rainy days come so often, where spirits get out of tune, and duty won't go hand in hand with pleasure.
It shows itself in acts rather than in words, and has more influence than homilies or protestations.
She was very showy, but she was not genuine: she had a fine person, many brilliant attainments; but her mind was poor, her heart barren by nature: nothing bloomed spontaneously on that soil; no unforced natural fruit delighted by its freshness.
Maggie, in her brown frock, with her eyes reddened and her heavy hair pushed back, looking from the bed where her father lay to the dull walls of this sad chamber which was the centre of her world, was a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind, unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.
Nature, however, as has been intimated, is an excellent friend in such cases, sealing the lips, interdicting utterance, commanding a placid dissimulation a dissimulation often wearing an easy and gay mien at first, settling down to sorrow and paleness in time, then passing away, and leaving a convenient stoicism, not the less fortifying because it is half-bitter.
Arraigned at my own bar, Memory having given her evidence of the hopes, wishes, sentiments I had been cherishing since last night—of the general state of mind in which I had indulged for nearly a fortnight past; Reason having come forward and told, in her own quiet way, a plain, unvarnished tale, showing how I had rejected the real, and rabidly devoured the ideal; —I pronounced judgment to this effect: — That a greater fool than Jane Eyre had never breathed the breath of life; that a more fantastic idiot had never surfeited herself on sweet lies, and swallowed poison as if it were nectar.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
I care not in this moment sweet, Though all I have rushed o’er Should come on pinion, strong and fleet, Proclaiming vengeance sore: Though haughty Hate should strike me down, Right, bar approach to me, And grinding Might, with furious frown, Swear endless enmity.
All the pious ideas that had been so long forgotten, returned; he recollected the prayers his mother had taught him, and discovered a new meaning in every word; for in prosperity prayers seem but a mere medley of words, until misfortune comes and the unhappy sufferer first understands the meaning of the sublime language in which he invokes the pity of heaven!
I have no fear of ghosts, and I have never heard it said that so much harm had been done by the dead during six thousand years as is wrought by the living in a single day.
Everyone, from the highest to the lowest degree, has his place on the social ladder, and is beset by stormy passions and conflicting interests, as in Descartes’theory of pressure and impulsion.
Take it from someone who's read the Wikipedia entry: this is how the Ottoman Empire was won: maddened horsemen fueled by lethal jet-black coffee-mud.
Remember that you are a human being with a soul and the divine gift of articulate speech: that your native language is the language of Shakespear and Milton and The Bible; and don’t sit there crooning like a bilious pigeon.
So that, whatever the stars were made for, they were not made to please our eyes.
made me be what I prayed you in pity not to make me be again!.
It is often flung out as a sort of prop to support a decaying conviction which, whilst strong, required no enunciation to prove it so.
I began this book with the intention of concealing nothing; that those who liked might have the benefit of perusing a fellow-creature’s heart: but we have some thoughts that all the angels in heaven are welcome to behold, but not our brother-men—not even the best and kindest amongst them.
But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.
It is as if she could tear up all that we know human beings by, and fill these unrecognisable transparences with such a gust of life that they transcend reality.
Black chaos comes, and the fettered gods of the earth say, Let there be light.
The life that was so swiftly expanding within him, urged him continually toward the wall of light.
Ingratitude is among them a capital crime, as we read it to have been in some other countries: for they reason thus; that whoever makes ill returns to his benefactor, must needs be a common enemy to the rest of mankind, from whom he has received no obligation, and therefore such a man is not fit to live.
It is a maxim among these lawyers that whatever has been done before, may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice, and the general reason of mankind.
So they couldn’t understand his words any more, although they seemed clear enough to him, clearer than before—perhaps his ears had become used to the sound.
But from the same point, take mankind in mass, and for the most part, they seem a mob of unnecessary duplicates, both contemporary and hereditary.
CAT Well then, you see a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased.
Her maternal instinct told her that Natásha had too much of something, and that because of this she would not be happy.
The one mystery of death, still unsolved, had scarcely passed before his eyes, when another mystery had arisen, as insoluble, urging him to love and to life.
We can not grasp what connection such circumstances have with the actual fact of slaughter and violence: why because the Duke was wronged, thousands of men from the other side of Europe killed and ruined the people of Smolensk and Moscow and were killed by them.
After that I suppose we shall have pretty nearly finished rubbing off each other's angles, he reflected; but the worst of it was that May's pressure was already bearing on the very angles whose sharpness he most wanted to keep.
It would not have surprised them to feel a summer breeze on their faces, or to see the lights among the boughs reduplicated in the arch of a starry sky.
Little as she was addicted to solitude, there had come to be moments when it seemed a welcome escape from the empty noises of her life.
They had never before avowed their inclination so openly, and Ethan, for a moment, had the illusion that he was a free man, wooing the girl he meant to marry.
I do not believe that I am made of the stuff which constitutes heroes, because, in all of the hundreds of instances that my voluntary acts have placed me face to face with death, I can not recall a single one where any alternative step to that I took occurred to me until many hours later.
Plate sin with gold, And the strong lance of justice hurtless breaks; Arm it in rags, a pigmy's straw does pierce it.
And that he should be stirred by it marked the completeness with which he harked back through the ages of fire and roof to the raw beginnings of life in the howling ages.
Thus it was that in obedience to the law laid down by his mother, and in obedience to the law of that unknown and nameless thing, fear, he kept away from the mouth of the cave.
I will take my stand, where, as a child, my parents placed me, until the clear truth be found out.
People were frightened at the time, but on looking back they rather liked it; it was a fine excitement in a quiet country life, and there was even a party of the younger men who pretended to admire him, calling him a true sea-dog and a real old salt and such like names, and saying there was the sort of man that made England terrible at sea.
Like everyone who possesses something precious, so as to know what would happen if he ceased for a moment to possess it, he had detached the precious object from his mind, leaving, as he thought, everything else in the same state as when it was there.
We’ll be a great deal to one another, if we are thrown off and left desolate.
Why could not people speak out and say that they did not mean to give up the name of their informant?
Margaret did not think of anything that might be utterly unreasonable in this speech: we do not look for reason or logic in the passionate entreaties of those who are sick unto death; we are stung with the recollection of a thousand slighted opportunities of fulfilling the wishes of those who will soon pass away from among us: and do they ask us for the future happiness of our lives, we lay it at their feet, and will it away from us.
Yet it was very difficult to separate her interpretation, and keep it distinct from his meaning.
In the case of Lord Brancaster's parrot You are falling into your old error, Jeeves, of thinking that Gussie is a parrot.
CHAPTER VIII Something I owe to the soil that grew— More to the life that fed— But most to Allah Who gave me two Separate sides to my head.
All the spring may be hidden in the single bud, and the low ground nest of the lark may hold the joy that is to herald the feet of many rose-red dawns.
I find I have, and a heart doesn’t suit me, Windermere.
My duty as a gentleman has never interfered with my pleasures in the smallest degree.
The consequence is that he has nothing left for life but his prejudices, his principles, and his common sense.
There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
The note of the perfect personality is not rebellion, but peace.
Modern, no less than Ancient History, supplies us with many most painful examples of what I refer to.
A man who marries without knowing Bunbury has a very tedious time of it.
When sometimes I am reminded that the mechanics and shopkeepers stay in their shops not only all the forenoon, but all the afternoon too, sitting with crossed legs, so many of them—as if the legs were made to sit upon, and not to stand or walk upon—I think that they deserve some credit for not having all committed suicide long ago.
If we respected only what is inevitable and has a right to be, music and poetry would resound along the streets.
But I would say to my fellows, once for all, As long as possible live free and uncommitted.
The moon had spread over everything a thin layer of silver—over the rank grass, over the mud, upon the wall of matted vegetation standing higher than the wall of a temple, over the great river I could see through a sombre gap glittering, glittering, as it flowed broadly by without a murmur.
One thinks himself the master of others, and still remains a greater slave than they.
Else it may be their miserable fortune, as it was Roger Chillingworth’s, when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities, to be reproached even for the calm content, the marble image of happiness, which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality.
Be silent in that solitude, 5 Which is not loneliness for then The spirits of the dead, who stood In life before thee, are again In death around thee, and their will Shall overshadow thee; be still.
And that night we knew that to hold the body of women in our arms is neither ugly nor shameful, but the one ecstasy granted to the race of men.
The best study for such a day or the best amusement: call it what you will is a book of travels describing scenes the most unlike that sombre one which is mistily presented through the windows.
But Natural Selection, as we shall hereafter see, is a power incessantly ready for action, and is as immeasurably superior to man’s feeble efforts, as the works of Nature are to those of Art.
In conclusion, it appears to me that nothing can be more improving to a young naturalist, than a journey in distant countries.
Chasing an errant swarm of bees is nothing to following a naked lunatic, when the fit of escaping is upon him!
But seriously now— I am afraid that if you want to go down into history you’ll have to do something for it.
Men act badly sometimes without being much worse than others, he said after some hesitation.
The silver trump of freedom had roused my soul to eternal wakefulness.
For the pride of trace and trail was his, and, sick unto death, he could not bear that another dog should do his work.
Unlike man, whose gods are of the unseen and the overguessed, vapours and mists of fancy eluding the garmenture of reality, wandering wraiths of desired goodness and power, intangible out-croppings of self into the realm of spirit—unlike man, the wolf and the wild dog that have come in to the fire find their gods in the living flesh, solid to the touch, occupying earth-space and requiring time for the accomplishment of their ends and their existence.
He entered upon each system with a little thrill of excitement, expecting to find in each some guide by which he could rule his conduct; he felt himself like a traveller in unknown countries and as he pushed forward the enterprise fascinated him; he read emotionally, as other men read pure literature, and his heart leaped as he discovered in noble words what himself had obscurely felt.
You are puzzled because you can not get over the idea that pleasures are only of the senses; but, child, a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.
Wounded vanity can make a woman more vindictive than a lioness robbed of her cubs.
But when he has done this, let him not say that he knows better than his master, for he only holds a candle in sunshine.
Over the river a golden ray of sun came through the hosts of leaden rain clouds.
I beg your pardon: correct English is the slang of prigs who write history and essays.
Why is it that, in spite of all the mirrors in the world, no one really knows what he looks like?
Could we foresee it, there are times when children might seem like innocent prisoners, condemned, not to death, but to life, and as yet all unconscious of what their sentence means.
For the more a man has in himself, the less he will want from other people, the less, indeed, other people can be to him.
That immaculate manliness we feel within ourselves, so far within us, that it remains intact though all the outer character seem gone; bleeds with keenest anguish at the undraped spectacle of a valor-ruined man.
So Mowgli went away and hunted with the four cubs in the jungle from that day on.
The motto of all the mongoose family is'Run and find out'; and Rikki-tikki was a true mongoose.
By which words I mean that the cool peace and dewy sweetness of the night filled me with a mood of hope: not hope on any definite point, but a general sense of encouragement and heart-ease.
There is, in lovers, a certain infatuation of egotism; they will have a witness of their happiness, cost that witness what it may.
Night was come, and her planets were risen: a safe, still night: too serene for the companionship of fear.
Life can not go on without much forgetting!
The exquisite code of politeness of the Woosters prevented me clipping her one on the ear-hole, but I would have given a shilling to be able to do it.
She pronounced the word married as if her voice caressed it.
The worst of doing one's duty was that it apparently unfitted one for doing anything else.
Most timidities have such secret compensations, and Miss Bart was discerning enough to know that the inner vanity is generally in proportion to the outer self-depreciation.
After a pause she sighed: The poor people are stupid from poverty, and the rich from greed.
I mean, if the President can manage it, I'm sure you can.
But you are so eaten up by pride and vanity, that you will end by devouring each other—that is my prophecy!
That’s when all are equal and all have property in common, there are no marriages, and every one has any religion and laws he likes best, and all the rest of it.
In the ill-judged execution of the well-judged plan of things the call seldom produces the comer, the man to love rarely coincides with the hour for loving.
I believe in you and I’ll tell everyone in the world that you are the only thing that matters.
I am just in the same position as you were when you went to him with your bundle.
She heard footsteps brushing the grass, and had a consciousness that love was encircling her like a perfume.
And as I have often said, you are absolutely the most ethereal, least sensual woman I ever knew to exist without inhuman sexlessness.
Being proposed to is all very nice and all that sort of thing, but it isn't at all a happy thing when you have to see a poor fellow, whom you know loves you honestly, going away and looking all broken-hearted, and to know that, no matter what he may say at the moment, you are passing quite out of his life.
I hate to be what is called a clever girl—there are too many of that sort now!
HIGGINS moodily Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?
You would have let old John be cut to bits, and never given it a thought, doctor.
How many it had cost in the amassing, what blood and sorrow, what good ships scuttled on the deep, what brave men walking the plank blindfold, what shot of cannon, what shame and lies and cruelty, perhaps no man alive could tell.
No way of thinking or doing, however ancient, can be trusted without proof.
He heard nothing but the swish of scythes, and saw before him Tit’s upright figure mowing away, the crescent-shaped curve of the cut grass, the grass and flower heads slowly and rhythmically falling before the blade of his scythe, and ahead of him the end of the row, where would come the rest.
Man and wife, they say, there open the very bottom of their souls to each other; and some old couples often lie and chat over old times till nearly morning.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
If they but knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.
If you are ready to leave father and mother, and brother and sister, and wife and child and friends, and never see them again, —if you have paid your debts, and made your will, and settled all your affairs, and are a free man; then you are ready for a walk.
Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
In Varenka she realized that one has but to forget oneself and love others, and one will be calm, happy, and noble.
I can never forget what is my whole life.
And the light by which she had read the book filled with troubles, falsehoods, sorrow, and evil, flared up more brightly than ever before, lighted up for her all that had been in darkness, flickered, began to grow dim, and was quenched forever.
Moral: Attachment is blinding; it lends an imaginary halo of attractiveness to the object of desire.
CHAPTER: 5 A PERFUME SAINT DISPLAYS HIS WONDERS To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven.
Let us forget their good and our evil, let us forget all things save that we are together and that there is joy as a bond between us.
Only, when one believes in the reality of a thing, making it visible by artificial means is not quite the same as feeling that it is close at hand.
None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
But I still wonder how it was possible, in those graceless years of transition, long ago, that men did not see whither they were going, and went on, in blindness and cowardice, to their fate.
I understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
I’m not good for much, I know, but I’ll stand by you, Jo, all the days of my life.
Though I believe in fact I know, she would have rejected you, still to have loved her without return would have lifted you higher than all those, be they who they may, that have ever known her to love.
Who can begin conventional amiability the first thing in the morning?
I love tulips better than any other spring flower; they are the embodiment of alert cheerfulness and tidy grace, and next to a hyacinth look like a wholesome, freshly tubbed young girl beside a stout lady whose every movement weighs down the air with patchouli.
Do thou stand for me, and I'll play my father.
For beyond the difficulty of communicating oneself, there is the supreme difficulty of being oneself.
Instead of giving way to thoughts of the worst he actually found he was trying to believe in better things.
How often is it the case that, when impossibilities have come to pass and dreams have condensed their misty substance into tangible realities, we find ourselves calm, and even coldly self-possessed, amid circumstances which it would have been a delirium of joy or agony to anticipate!
In this republican country, amid the fluctuating waves of our social life, somebody is always at the drowning-point.
If I didn’t care about doing right, and didn’t feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
You are too much alike and too fond of freedom, not to mention hot tempers and strong wills, to get on happily together, in a relation which needs infinite patience and forbearance, as well as love.
Young Mr. Ladislaw was not at all deep himself in German writers; but very little achievement is required in order to pity another man’s shortcomings.
The most powerful movement of feeling with a liturgy is the prayer which seeks for nothing special, but is a yearning to escape from the limitations of our own weakness and an invocation of all Good to enter and abide with us; or else a self-oblivious lifting up of Gladness, a _Gloria in excelsis_ that such Good exists; both the yearning and the exaltation gathering their utmost force from the sense of communion in a form which has expressed them both, for long generations of struggling fellow-men.
In bed our yesterdays are too oppressive: if a man can only get up, though it be but to whistle or to smoke, he has a present which offers some resistance to the past—sensations which assert themselves against tyrannous memories.
Childhood has no forebodings; but then, it is soothed by no memories of outlived sorrow.
He once called her his basil plant; and when she asked for an explanation, said that basil was a plant which had flourished wonderfully on a murdered man’s brains.
But it is very difficult to be learned; it seems as if people were worn out on the way to great thoughts, and can never enjoy them because they are too tired.
Women derive a pleasure, incomprehensible to the other sex, from the delicate toil of the needle.
We should bear in mind that, in general, it is the object of our newspapers rather to create a sensation—to make a point—than to further the cause of truth.
It will be found, in fact, that the ingenious are always fanciful, and the _truly_ imaginative never otherwise than analytic.
I make no manner of doubt that you threw a very diamond of truth at me, though you see it hit me so directly in the face that it wasn’t exactly appreciated, at first.
But—you love me so much, you want to put me in your pocket.
It was not until the 28th day of August, 1833, that Great Britain abolished human slavery in her colonies; and it was not until the 1st day of January, 1863, that Abraham Lincoln, sustained by the sublime and heroic North, rendered our flag pure as the sky in which it floats.
He always smiles, even when contemplating nothing good.
He had slipped, climbed, rolled, searched, walked, persevered, that is all.
Ecclesiastes calls you the All-powerful; the Maccabees call you the Creator; the Epistle to the Ephesians calls you liberty; Baruch calls you Immensity; the Psalms call you Wisdom and Truth; John calls you Light; the Books of Kings call you Lord; Exodus calls you Providence; Leviticus, Sanctity; Esdras, Justice; the creation calls you God; man calls you Father; but Solomon calls you Compassion, and that is the most beautiful of all your names.
THIS WILL KILL THAT.
She can’t see that if you are going to be pushed you had better jump.
Without it the world would stagnate, or grow old, or become colourless.
Modern life would be very tedious if it were either, and modern literature a complete impossibility!
And the child smiled on the Giant, and said to him, You let me play once in your garden, to-day you shall come with me to my garden, which is Paradise.
I prefer to be the head of a fly rather than the tail of a lion.
He had, they said, tasted in succession all the apples of the tree of knowledge, and, whether from hunger or disgust, had ended by tasting the forbidden fruit.
The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things, and it is unsportsmanlike to touch him.
Had it been possible for the earth and mankind to be entirely in her grasp for a while, she had handled the distaff, the spindle, and the shears at her own free will, few in the world would have noticed the change of government.
There is always an inertia to be overcome in striking out a new line of conduct—not more in ourselves, it seems, than in circumscribing events, which appear as if leagued together to allow no novelties in the way of amelioration.
Excess of grief, like excess of joy is a violent thing which lasts but a short time.
I don’t much mind it now, but if it be always so, what shall I do with the serious part of myself?
I shoved on a dressing-gown, and flew downstairs like a mighty, rushing wind.
It resembled the movements of a fly that had fallen into an ink-pot, and subsequently taken a little brisk exercise on a sheet of foolscap by way of restoring the circulation.
Fortunate indeed are those in which there is combined a little good and a little bad, a little knowledge of many things outside their own callings, a capacity for love and a capacity for hate, for such as these can look with tolerance upon all, unbiased by the egotism of him whose head is so heavy on one side that all his brains run to that point.
This is the month of quiet days, crimson creepers, and blackberries; of mellow afternoons in the ripening garden; of tea under the acacias instead of the too shady beeches; of wood-fires in the library in the chilly evenings.
When I got to the library I came to a standstill, ah, the dear room, what happy times I have spent in it rummaging amongst the books, making plans for my garden, building castles in the air, writing, dreaming, doing nothing!
Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown.
No, my friend, this evidence has been very cleverly manufactured—so cleverly that it has defeated its own ends.
I can entertain myself quite well for weeks together, hardly aware, except for the pervading peace, that I have been alone at all.
'Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness.'
A cordial word from his lips, or a gentle look from his eyes, would do me good, for all the span of life that remained to me; it would be comfort in the last strait of loneliness; I would take it—I would taste the elixir, and pride should not spill the cup.
And I wish I had the power to tell them that the despair of their hearts was not to be final, and their night was not without hope.
But he said, in substance, to himself that if the earth and the moon were about to clash, many persons would doubtless plan to get upon the roofs to witness the collision.
You need not think that because we chanced to be born of the same parents, I shall suffer you to fasten me down by even the feeblest claim: I can tell you this—if the whole human race, ourselves excepted, were swept away, and we two stood alone on the earth, I would leave you in the old world, and betake myself to the new.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
It can be found, it can be lived, it is possible to be carried by it, miracles can be performed with it, but it can not be expressed in words and taught.
She had felt as if she had understood a robin and that he had understood her; she had run in the wind until her blood had grown warm; she had been healthily hungry for the first time in her life; and she had found out what it was to be sorry for someone.
Much more surprising things can happen to anyone who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one.
It must mean that hollow shuddering sort of roar which rushed round and round the house as if the giant no one could see were buffeting it and beating at the walls and windows to try to break in.
Isn't it, after all, what you always wanted?
She had always thought of love as something confused and furtive, and he made it as bright and open as the summer air.
If I were shabby no one would have me: a woman is asked out as much for her clothes as for herself.
Archer had always been inclined to think that chance and circumstance played a small part in shaping people's lots compared with their innate tendency to have things happen to them.
In consequence of this search he arrived late at the office, perceived that his doing so made no difference whatever to any one, and was filled with sudden exasperation at the elaborate futility of his life.
It's never permitted to be surprised at the aberrations of born fools, said Mrs. Gereth.
Everything had something behind it: life was like a long, long corridor with rows of closed doors.
O, how hard it is of Heaven to devise such tortures for me, who have done no harm to Heaven at all!
It is more than this earthly wretch called Me deserves—you spirit, you disembodied creature, you dear, sweet, tantalizing phantom—hardly flesh at all; so that when I put my arms round you I almost expect them to pass through you as through air!
No, no; your young white, who gathers his learning from books and can measure what he knows by the page, may conceit that his knowledge, like his legs, outruns that of his fathers’, but, where experience is the master, the scholar is made to know the value of years, and respects them accordingly.
Blood is too precious a thing in these days of dishonourable peace; and the glories of the great races are as a tale that is told.
We women have something of the mother in us that makes us rise above smaller matters when the mother-spirit is invoked; I felt this big sorrowing man's head resting on me, as though it were that of the baby that some day may lie on my bosom, and I stroked his hair as though he were my own child.
However, he means to succeed, and a man who has centuries before him can afford to wait and to go slow.
A serious prophet upon predicting a flood should be the first man to climb a tree.
She saw nothing and heard nothing but a faint booming sound, which was the sound of the sea rolling over her head.
Men die nightly in their beds, wringing the hands of ghostly confessors and looking them piteously in the eyes—die with despair of heart and convulsion of throat, on account of the hideousness of mysteries which will not suffer themselves to be revealed.
They walked back across the courtyard and got into their chairs.
It was the intimacy, a sort of spiritual suppleness, when mind prints upon mind indelibly.
But it is founded on expediency, and is inhuman; it is without rectitude, without the continuity and the force that can be found only in a moral principle.
Life wouldn’t be worth living if I worried over the future as well as the present.
After all, if you were small, the grimy beetle crawled on—which was just what you wanted it to do.
Practically the last words he said to me, as we came out on the veranda, were:'Ah, Davidson, woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love and to put its trust in life!'
I suppose everybody must be always just a little homesick.
With the superciliousness of extreme youth, I put thirty-five as the utmost limit at which a man might fall in love without making a fool of himself.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
Philip remembered the story of the Eastern King who, desiring to know the history of man, was brought by a sage five hundred volumes; busy with affairs of state, he bade him go and condense it; in twenty years the sage returned and his history now was in no more than fifty volumes, but the King, too old then to read so many ponderous tomes, bade him go and shorten it once more; twenty years passed again and the sage, old and gray, brought a single book in which was the knowledge the King had sought; but the King lay on his death-bed, and he had no time to read even that; and then the sage gave him the history of man in a single line; it was this: he was born, he suffered, and he died.
What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Solitude This is a delicious evening, when the whole body is one sense, and imbibes delight through every pore.
How far apart, think you, dwell the two most distant inhabitants of yonder star, the breadth of whose disk can not be appreciated by our instruments?
One who pressed forward incessantly and never rested from his labors, who grew fast and made infinite demands on life, would always find himself in a new country or wilderness, and surrounded by the raw material of life.
You boast of spending a tenth part of your income in charity; maybe you should spend the nine tenths so, and done with it.
The true harvest of my daily life is somewhat as intangible and indescribable as the tints of morning or evening.
It is not down in any map; true places never are.
’Twas rehearsed by thee and me a billion years before this ocean rolled.
So true it is, and so terrible too, that up to a certain point the thought or sight of misery enlists our best affections; but, in certain special cases, beyond that point it does not.
My days were not days of the week, bearing the stamp of any heathen deity, nor were they minced into hours and fretted by the ticking of a clock; for I lived like the Puri Indians, of whom it is said that for yesterday, to-day, and to-morrow they have only one word, and they express the variety of meaning by pointing backward for yesterday, forward for to-morrow, and overhead for the passing day.
They can do without _architecture_ who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
It was like the eve of a battle; the heart beat, the eyes laughed, and they felt that the life they were perhaps going to lose, was, after all, a good thing.
Believe me, it is only the evil-minded who deny friendship; they can not understand it.
I neither undertake it to return, nor to finish it my business is only to keep myself in motion, whilst motion pleases me; I only walk for the walk’s sake.
Always has woman crouched close to earth like a partridge hen mothering her young; always has my wantonness of roving led me out on the shining ways; and always have my star-paths returned me to her, the figure everlasting, the woman, the one woman, for whose arms I had such need that clasped in them I have forgotten the stars.
On the sled, in the box, lay a third man whose toil was over, —a man whom the Wild had conquered and beaten down until he would never move nor struggle again.
It was not the dead-tiredness that comes through brief and excessive effort, from which recovery is a matter of hours; but it was the dead-tiredness that comes through the slow and prolonged strength drainage of months of toil.
Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and sad and dreary.
Men seldom do, for when women are the advisers, the lords of creation don’t take the advice till they have persuaded themselves that it is just what they intended to do.
She did not know it, but that good old fashion of simplicity made the plain gowns pretty, and the grace of unconsciousness beautified their little wearer with the charm that makes girlhood sweetest to those who truly love and reverence it.
These fellow-mortals, every one, must be accepted as they are: you can neither straighten their noses, nor brighten their wit, nor rectify their dispositions; and it is these people—amongst whom your life is passed—that it is needful you should tolerate, pity, and love: it is these more or less ugly, stupid, inconsistent people whose movements of goodness you should be able to admire—for whom you should cherish all possible hopes, all possible patience.
Most of us who turn to any subject with love remember some morning or evening hour when we got on a high stool to reach down an untried volume, or sat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.
Had the cub thought in man-fashion, he might have epitomised life as a voracious appetite and the world as a place wherein ranged a multitude of appetites, pursuing and being pursued, hunting and being hunted, eating and being eaten, all in blindness and confusion, with violence and disorder, a chaos of gluttony and slaughter, ruled over by chance, merciless, planless, endless.
She was a part of that involuntary, palpitating life, and could neither look out on it from her luxurious shelter as a mere spectator, nor hide her eyes in selfish complaining.
Arthur wished it too; it was the last weakness he meant to indulge in; and a man never lies with more delicious languor under the influence of a passion than when he has persuaded himself that he shall subdue it to-morrow.
So deeply inherent is it in this life of ours that men have to suffer for each other’s sins, so inevitably diffusive is human suffering, that even justice makes its victims, and we can conceive no retribution that does not spread beyond its mark in pulsations of unmerited pain.
But if Maggie had been that young lady, you would probably have known nothing about her: her life would have had so few vicissitudes that it could hardly have been written; for the happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
There are characters which are continually creating collisions and nodes for themselves in dramas which nobody is prepared to act with them.
Her heart went out to him with a stronger movement than ever, at the thought that people would blame him.
It’s rather a strong check to one’s self-complacency to find how much of one’s right doing depends on not being in want of money.
He had forgotten how to shift for himself.
They made him restless, and no sooner was he in contact with them than he was casting about for excuses to get rid of them.
The ascent to greatness, however steep and dangerous, may entertain an active spirit with the consciousness and exercise of its own powers: but the possession of a throne could never yet afford a lasting satisfaction to an ambitious mind.
She was snatched back from a dream of far countries, and found herself on Main Street.
But I do know that about ten times as many people find their lives dull, and unnecessarily dull, as ever admit it; and I do believe that if we busted out and admitted it sometimes, instead of being nice and patient and loyal for sixty years, and then nice and patient and dead for the rest of eternity, why, maybe, possibly, we might make life more fun.
Thus it came to him merely to run away was folly, because he could never run away from himself.
All sorts of thoughts cross one's mind it depends upon whether one gives them harbour and encouragement, said Molly.
She had a fierce pleasure in the idea of telling Margaret unwelcome truths, in the shape of performance of duty.
Here was a person come on business to her father; and, as he was one who had shown himself obliging, she was disposed to treat him with a full measure of civility.
But fate is a cunning hussy, and builds up her plans as imperceptibly as a bird builds her nest; and with much the same kind of unconsidered trifles.
So manifold are our interests in life that it is not uncommon that, on a single occasion, the foundations of a happiness which does not yet exist are laid down simultaneously with aggravations of a grief from which we are still suffering.
For often I have wished to see a person again without realising that it was simply because that person recalled to me a hedge of hawthorns in blossom; and I have been led to believe, and to make some one else believe in an aftermath of affection, by what was no more than an inclination to travel.
Moral: Look fear in the face and it will cease to trouble you.
In Europe life retreats out of the cold, and exquisite fireside myths have resulted—Balder, Persephone—but here the retreat is from the source of life, the treacherous sun, and no poetry adorns it because disillusionment can not be beautiful.
For to desire is better than to possess, the finality of the end was dreaded as deeply as it was desired.
MEPHISTOPHILIS: Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed In one self place; but where we are is hell, And where hell is, there must we ever be; And, to be short, when all the world dissolves, And every creature shall be purified, All places shall be hell that are not heaven.
I fear that we shall be obliged to leave this pudding.
And the light by which she had read the book filled with troubles, falsehoods, sorrow, and evil, flared up more brightly than ever before, lighted up for her all that had been in darkness, flickered, began to grow dim, and was quenched forever.
He saw that it was not all sitting still, floating smoothly; that one had to think too, not for an instant to forget where one was floating; and that there was water under one, and that one must row; and that his unaccustomed hands would be sore; and that it was only to look at it that was easy; but that doing it, though very delightful, was very difficult.
He looked at her as a man looks at a faded flower he has gathered, with difficulty recognizing in it the beauty for which he picked and ruined it.
For socialism is not merely the labor question, it is before all things the atheistic question, the question of the form taken by atheism to‐day, the question of the tower of Babel built without God, not to mount to heaven from earth but to set up heaven on earth.
Some people have luck, and everything comes out right with them; others have none, and never a thing turns out fortunately.
Or perhaps it is that I chatter because I do nothing.
They have the power to ask love because they don't need it: they have the power to offer it because they have none to give.
The natural term of the affection of the human animal for its offspring is six years.
I do value my idea and my work awfully; but in reality only consider this: all this world of ours is nothing but a speck of mildew, which has grown up on a tiny planet.
If the salary is fixed without any regard for that law, as, for instance, when I see two engineers leaving college together, both equally well trained and efficient, and one getting forty thousand while the other is satisfied with two; or when I see lawyers and hussars, having no special qualifications, appointed directors of banking companies with immense salaries, I conclude that the salary is not fixed in accordance with the law of supply and demand, but simply through personal interest.
Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and clung to it with all his strength.
This grieved me heartily; and now I saw, though too late, the folly of beginning a work before we count the cost, and before we judge rightly of our own strength to go through with it.
Although I may express myself with some degree of pleasantry, replied the Doctor, the purport of my words is entirely serious.
For thirty years, he said, I’ve sailed the seas and seen good and bad, better and worse, fair weather and foul, provisions running out, knives going, and what not.
We must go on, because we can’t turn back.
In politics, my dear fellow, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas—no feelings, but interests; in politics we do not kill a man, we only remove an obstacle, that is all.
Go and make yourself useful, since you are too big to be ornamental.
He pointed out to him the bearings of the coast, explained to him the variations of the compass, and taught him to read in that vast book opened over our heads which they call heaven, and where God writes in azure with letters of diamonds.
Trusting no man as his friend, he could not recognize his enemy when the latter actually appeared.
Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance.
But it is a strange experience, to a man of pride and sensibility, to know that his interests are within the control of individuals who neither love nor understand him, and by whom, since one or the other must needs happen, he would rather be injured than obliged.
I find nothing so singular in life, as that everything appears to lose its substance the instant one actually grapples with it.
For all evils there are two remedies—time and silence.
The truth is that when an author begins to write for the sake of covering paper, he is cheating the reader; because he writes under the pretext that he has something to say.
Contrarily, if they are active within, they do not care to be dragged out of themselves; it disturbs and impedes their thoughts in a way that is often most ruinous to them.
He was a beast—a human beast, it is true, but nevertheless so terrible a beast that he can best be characterised as carnivorous.
Also, in his gambling, he had one besetting weakness—faith in a system; and this made his damnation certain.
His muscles had wasted away to knotty strings, and the flesh pads had disappeared, so that each rib and every bone in his frame were outlined cleanly through the loose hide that was wrinkled in folds of emptiness.
You simply can do nothing, neither great nor little not a thing in the world not even marry an old maid, or get a wretched 600-ton cargo of coal to its port of destination.
The fear grows shadowy; and Imagination, the enemy of men, the father of all terrors, unstimulated, sinks to rest in the dullness of exhausted emotion.
I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.
Youth is insolent; it is its right its necessity; it has got to assert itself, and all assertion in this world of doubts is a defiance, is an insolence.
There are people from whom we secretly shrink, whom we would personally avoid, though reason confesses that they are good people: there are others with faults of temper, & c., evident enough, beside whom we live content, as if the air about them did us good.
It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them.
It came with the wind through the silence of the night, a long, deep mutter, then a rising howl, and then the sad moan in which it died away.
For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy, whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.
It is a hard thing when one has shot sixty-five lions or more, as I have in the course of my life, that the sixty-sixth should chew your leg like a quid of tobacco.
Truly wealth, which men spend their lives in acquiring, is a valueless thing at the last.
Why, one thanks some people for being alive at the same time with one; I thank you for having met me, for my being able to remember you all my life!
Perhaps I shall meet with troubles and many disappointments, but I have made up my mind to be polite and sincere to everyone; more can not be asked of me.
To a commonplace man of limited intellect, for instance, nothing is simpler than to imagine himself an original character, and to revel in that belief without the slightest misgiving.
yes, all is in a man’s hands and he lets it all slip from cowardice, that’s an axiom.
It lies not in our power to love or hate, For will in us is overruled by fate.
I know you by heart.
I feel as if I were all the people in the story one after the other.
Isabel’s chief dread in life at this period of her development was that she should appear narrow-minded; what she feared next afterwards was that she should really be so.
It is piety alone that can distinguish us from the dust whence we sprung, and whither we must return.
We gave him a hearty welcome; for there was nearly half as much of the entertaining as of the contemptible about the man, and we had not seen him for several years.
might I have not known that into the pit it was the object of the burning iron to urge me?
I was a child and she was a child, In this kingdom by the sea, But we loved with a love that was more than love, I and my Annabel Lee; 10 With a love that the winged seraphs of heaven Coveted her and me.
Among all forms of mistake, prophecy is the most gratuitous.
And as for the farm, if anything turns out wrong, as it can’t but do in these times, there’s nothing kills a man so soon as having nobody to find fault with but himself.
(Pity that consequences are determined not by excuses but by actions!)
Who can know how much of his most inward life is made up of the thoughts he believes other men to have about him, until that fabric of opinion is threatened with ruin?
Her little butterfly soul fluttered incessantly between memory and dubious expectation.
In the first place, there was selfishness enough in him to have taken pleasure in the idea that his great love might come in to comfort and console her; much the same kind of passionate pleasure which comes stinging through a mother’s heart, when her drooping infant nestles close to her, and is dependent upon her for everything.
The meanest thing to which we bid adieu, Loses its meanness in the parting hour.
and suddenly the wintry frost-bound look of care had left Mr. Thornton’s face, as if some soft summer gale had blown all anxiety away from his mind; and though his mouth was as much compressed as before, his eyes smiled out benignly on his questioner.
But Margaret was at an age when any apprehension, not absolutely based on a knowledge of facts, is easily banished for a time by a bright sunny day, or some happy outward circumstance.
She liked getting hold of some book which neither her father or mother had read, and keeping it to herself, and gnawing its contents in privacy, and pondering the meaning without sharing her thoughts with any one, or having to decide whether the book was a good one or a bad one.
They say the sky is the same everywhere.
It is impossible for human beings, constituted as they are, both to fight and to have ideals.
To gallop intemperately; fall on the sand tired out; to feel the earth spin; to have positively a rush of friendship for stones and grasses, as if humanity were over, and as for men and women, let them go hang there is no getting over the fact that this desire seizes us pretty often.
Next time I come here, he said to himself, I must either bring sweets with me to make them like me or a stick to hit them with.
A drop of water and a little pity, —that is more than I can repay with my life.
If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another; strike out for yourself; don’t listen to the shrieks of your relations, to their gibes or their entreaties; don’t let your own microscopic set prescribe your goings-out and comings-in; don’t be afraid of public opinion in the shape of the neighbour in the next house, when all the world is before you new and shining, and everything is possible, if you will only be energetic and independent and seize opportunity by the scruff of the neck.
Whatever La Motte and the Abbe Terrasson may say, there is no real advance in human reason, for what we gain in one direction we lose in another; for all minds start from the same point, and as the time spent in learning what others have thought is so much time lost in learning to think for ourselves, we have more acquired knowledge and less vigour of mind.
Free peoples, be mindful of maxim; Liberty may be gained, but can never be recovered.
In its absolutely indestructible form it reaches a profundity in which all exhibition of itself is painful.
He waited day after day, saying that it was perfectly absurd to expect, yet expecting.
Illustration Chingachgook grasped the hand that, in the warmth of feeling, the scout had stretched across the fresh earth, and in an attitude of friendship these two sturdy and intrepid woodsmen bowed their heads together, while scalding tears fell to their feet, watering the grave of Uncas like drops of falling rain.
SATIRES OF CIRCUMSTANCES IN FIFTEEN GLIMPSES I AT TEA THE kettle descants in a cozy drone, And the young wife looks in her husband’s face, And then at her guest’s, and shows in her own Her sense that she fills an envied place; And the visiting lady is all abloom, And says there was never so sweet a room.
It was still early, and though the sun’s lower limb was just free of the hill, his rays, ungenial and peering, addressed the eye rather than the touch as yet.
Here was blue, here was yellow, here was green, the sky and the river flowed, the forest and the mountains were rigid, all of it was beautiful, all of it was mysterious and magical, and in its midst was he, Siddhartha, the awakening one, on the path to himself.
For Kim did nothing with an immense success.
No need to listen for the fall.
Once let a maiden admit the possibility of her being stricken with love for someone at a certain hour and place, and the thing is as good as done.
When she plodded on in the shade of the hedge, silently thinking, she had the hard, half-apathetic expression of one who deems anything possible at the hands of Time and Chance except, perhaps, fair play.
Oh, how I wish I had never seen him!
Not seldom that long wandering unfits us for further travel, and of what use is our experience to us then?
When I tell you not to marry _without_ love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone: there are many, many other things to be considered.
The desire to perform a work which will endure, which will survive him, is the origin of his superiority over all other living creatures here below.
No, sir; it is evidently a gigantic narwhal, and an electric one.
Cyrus Harding replied, All great actions return to God, from whom they are derived.
Will, love, and imagination are magic powers that everyone possesses; and whoever knows how to develop them to their fullest extent is a magician.
No one is so thoroughly superstitious as the godless man.
He is dead who called me into being; and when I shall be no more, the very remembrance of us both will speedily vanish.
Many men desire to have two editions of the same work, though it is in fact a proof of inferiority when a man can not make his mistress of his wife.
She might believe herself wholly in revolt against it; but what had charmed her in it would still charm her, even though it were against her will.
It is often attempted to palliate slavery by comparing the state of slaves with our poorer countrymen: if the misery of our poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin; but how this bears on slavery, I can not see; as well might the use of the thumb-screw be defended in one land, by showing that men in another land suffered from some dreadful disease.
For as the same fire causes gold to glow brightly, and chaff to smoke; and under the same flail the straw is beaten small, while the grain is cleansed; and as the lees are not mixed with the oil, though squeezed out of the vat by the same pressure, so the same violence of affliction proves, purges, clarifies the good, but damns, ruins, exterminates the wicked.
The poorest girl alive may not be able to choose between being Queen of England or Principal of Newnham; but she can choose between ragpicking and flowerselling, according to her taste.
It's because heaven is the most angelically dull place in all creation: that's why.
And what can life in town offer in the way of pleasure to equal the delight of any one of the calm evenings I have had this month sitting alone at the foot of the verandah steps, with the perfume of young larches all about, and the May moon hanging low over the beeches, and the beautiful silence made only more profound in its peace by the croaking of distant frogs and hooting of owls?
It is true she liked him most when he wasn't there, but then she usually liked everybody most when they weren't there.
Reading was very important; the proper exercise and development of one's mind was a paramount duty.
Yet this quaint dandified little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police.
He fitted the Vedic definition of a man of God: Softer than the flower, where kindness is concerned; stronger than the thunder, where principles are at stake.
The modesty with which he wore his scientific fame repeatedly reminded me of the trees that bend low with the burden of ripening fruits; it is the barren tree that lifts its head high in an empty boast.
But what is war?
Now I have learnt that life is to be used, not just held in the hand like a box of bonbons that nobody eats.
Stepan Arkadyevitch had not chosen his political opinions or his views; these political opinions and views had come to him of themselves, just as he did not choose the shapes of his hat and coat, but simply took those that were being worn.
We do not tell old friends beneath our roof-tree that they are an offence to the eyesight.
And he who spends his life nor wins renown Leaves in the world no more enduring trace 50 Than smoke in air, or foam on water blown.
It was one of those still evenings you get in the summer, when you can hear a snail clear its throat a mile away.
The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
What demon possessed me that I behaved so well?
A common and natural result of an undue respect for the law is, that you may see a file of soldiers, colonel, captain, corporal, privates, powder-monkeys and all, marching in admirable order over hill and dale to the wars, against their wills, aye, against their common sense and consciences, which makes it very steep marching indeed, and produces a palpitation of the heart.
By a seeming fate, commonly called necessity, they are employed, as it says in an old book, laying up treasures which moth and rust will corrupt and thieves break through and steal.
From beneath his slouched hat Ahab dropped a tear into the sea; nor did all the Pacific contain such wealth as that one wee drop.
look through my eyes if thou hast none of thine own.
Thought he, it’s a wicked world in all meridians; I’ll die a pagan.
I had not lived there a week before my feet wore a path from my door to the pond-side; and though it is five or six years since I trod it, it is still quite distinct.
They were his environment, these men, and they were moulding the clay of him into a more ferocious thing than had been intended by Nature.
Denied the outlet, through play, of his energies, he recoiled upon himself and developed his mental processes.
It takes years and maturity to make the discovery that the power of faith is nobler than the power of doubt; and that there is a celestial wisdom in the ingenuous propensity to trust, which belongs to honest and noble natures.
Out of this pack-persecution he learned two important things: how to take care of himself in a mass-fight against him—and how, on a single dog, to inflict the greatest amount of damage in the briefest space of time.
The real sin, ma’am in my mind, lies in thinking of ever wedding wi’a man you don’t love honest and true.
If the story- tellers could ha'got decency and good morals from true stories, who'd ha'troubled to invent parables?
Mobile and flexible, it was never intended to be compressed in the eternal silence of solitude: it is a mouth which should speak much and smile often, and have human affection for its interlocutor.
My help had been needed and claimed; I had given it: I was pleased to have done something; trivial, transitory though the deed was, it was yet an active thing, and I was weary of an existence all passive.
Three Leahs to get one Rachel, he whispered.
I so much like singing to anybody who REALLY cares to hear me.’Every woman who makes a permanent impression on a man is usually recalled to his mind’s eye as she appeared in one particular scene, which seems ordained to be her special form of manifestation throughout the pages of his memory.
When Tarzan killed he more often smiled than scowled, and smiles are the foundation of beauty.
As the body rolled to the ground Tarzan of the Apes placed his foot upon the neck of his lifelong enemy and, raising his eyes to the full moon, threw back his fierce young head and voiced the wild and terrible cry of his people.
Winterbourne imagined for a moment that this was the manner in which the child had been taught to intimate that Mr. Miller had been removed to the sphere of celestial reward.
What at night had been perfect and ideal was by day the more or less defective real.
Marriage transforms a distraction into a support, the power of which should be, and happily often is, in direct proportion to the degree of imbecility it supplants.
The charm of variety there was not, nor the excitement of incident; but I liked peace so well, and sought stimulus so little, that when the latter came I almost felt it a disturbance, and wished rather it had still held aloof.
I have known you, Mr. Rochester; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever.
But I still wonder how it was possible, in those graceless years of transition, long ago, that men did not see whither they were going, and went on, in blindness and cowardice, to their fate.
To be, or not to be, that is the question: Whether’tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them?
We grew in age and love together Roaming the forest, and the wild; My breast her shield in wintry weather And, when the friendly sunshine smiled.
In forever knowing, we are forever blessed; but to know all, were the curse of a fiend.
When God Almighty wills it, our secrets are found out.
A medical man likes to make psychological observations, and sometimes in the pursuit of such studies is too easily tempted into momentous prophecy which life and death easily set at nought.
The fact is unalterable, that a fellow-mortal with whose nature you are acquainted solely through the brief entrances and exits of a few imaginative weeks called courtship, may, when seen in the continuity of married companionship, be disclosed as something better or worse than what you have preconceived, but will certainly not appear altogether the same.
HENRY JAMES THE PORTRAIT OF A LADY CHAPTER I Under certain circumstances there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
There are moments when woman’s hands possess superhuman strength.
Even people whose lives have been made various by learning, sometimes find it hard to keep a fast hold on their habitual views of life, on their faith in the Invisible, nay, on the sense that their past joys and sorrows are a real experience, when they are suddenly transported to a new land, where the beings around them know nothing of their history, and share none of their ideas—where their mother earth shows another lap, and human life has other forms than those on which their souls have been nourished.
Somebody put a drop under a magnifying-glass and it was all semicolons and parentheses, said Mrs. Cadwallader.
This remedy, perhaps, was recommended by some one of the number whose advice she asked; but the proposal, if ever it was made, was knocked on the head by Captain Brown’s decided Get her a flannel waistcoat and flannel drawers, ma’am, if you wish to keep her alive.
She was gentle and quiet in intense bodily suffering, almost in proportion as she had been restless and depressed when there had been no real cause for grief.
When prayers were ended, and his mother had wished him good-night, with that long steady look of hers which conveyed no expression of the tenderness that was in her heart, but yet had the intensity of a blessing, Mr. Thornton continued his walk.
Neither loss of father, nor loss of mother, dear as she was to Mr. Thornton, could have poisoned the remembrance of the weeks, the days, the hours, when a walk of two miles, every step of which was pleasant, as it brought him nearer and nearer to her, took him to her sweet presence every step of which was rich, as each recurring moment that bore him away from her made him recall some fresh grace in her demeanour, or pleasant pungency in her character.
She never called her son by any name but John; love, and dear, and such like terms, were reserved for Fanny.
There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
Magic is in her just as it is in Dickon, said Colin.
Faces I have seen a face with a thousand countenances, and a face that was but a single countenance as if held in a mould.
There was perhaps much that was good in her young heart, but it was embittered too early.
A dead body revenges not injuries.
I went on one side about two hundred yards, and beckoning to her not to look or to follow me, I hid myself between two leaves of sorrel, and there discharged the necessities of nature.
And then he could not see her come into a room without a sense of the flowing of robes, of the flowering of blossoms, of the purple waves of the sea, of all things that are lovely and mutable on the surface but still and passionate in their heart.
My notion’s to think of the human beings first and let the abstract ideas take care of themselves.
What is nobler, she mused, turning over the photographs, than to be a woman to whom every one turns, in sorrow or difficulty?
He felt he had lost it for good, he knew what it was to have been in communication with her, and to be cast off again.
As if we really meant: _On ne revient jamais à son premier amour._ But as a matter of fact, a man never leaves his first love, once the love is established.
Or—but this more rarely happened—she would be convulsed with a rage of grief, and sob out her love for her mother, in broken words, and seem intent on proving that she had a heart, by breaking it.
There was a listlessness in his gait; as if he saw no reason for taking one step farther, nor felt any desire to do so, but would have been glad, could he be glad of anything, to fling himself down at the root of the nearest tree, and lie there passive, forevermore.
And a word carries far very far deals destruction through time as the bullets go flying through space.
You take a different view of your actions when you come to understand, when you are _made_ to understand every day that your existence is necessary you see, absolutely necessary to another person.
We are accustomed to look upon the shackled form of a conquered monster, but there—there you could look at a thing monstrous and free.
He existed for me, and after all it is only through me that he exists for you.
The more I study the works of men in their institutions, the more clearly I see that, in their efforts after independence, they become slaves, and that their very freedom is wasted in vain attempts to assure its continuance.
SECOND PART The first man, who, after enclosing a piece of ground, took it into his head to say, This is mine, and found people simple enough to believe him, was the true founder of civil society.
Usurpers always bring about or select troublous times to get passed, under cover of the public terror, destructive laws, which the people would never adopt in cold blood.
How passionately she longed to be important to somebody again not important on platforms, not important as an asset in an organization, but privately important, just to one other person, quite privately, nobody else to know or notice.
Now she had taken off all her goodness and left it behind her like a heap in rain-sodden clothes, and she only felt joy.
We are eager to tunnel under the Atlantic and bring the old world some weeks nearer to the new; but perchance the first news that will leak through into the broad, flapping American ear will be that the Princess Adelaide has the whooping cough.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root, and it may be that he who bestows the largest amount of time and money on the needy is doing the most by his mode of life to produce that misery which he strives in vain to relieve.
She would go off in the morning with the punt full of books, and spend long glorious days away in the forest lying on the green springy carpet of whortleberries, reading.
Queequeg was George Washington cannibalistically developed.
I’ve found, as a general rule in life, that the things you think are going to be the scaliest nearly always turn out not so bad after all; but it wasn’t that way with Bingo’s tea-party.
These dreamer types do live, don't they?
Luigi Vampa comes to take us, and we take him—we bring him back to Rome, and present him to his holiness the Pope, who asks how he can repay so great a service; then we merely ask for a carriage and a pair of horses, and we see the Carnival in the carriage, and doubtless the Roman people will crown us at the Capitol, and proclaim us, like Curtius and Horatius Cocles, the preservers of their country.
He was calmly eating his soup, laughing with pleasant good-humour, as if he had come all the way to Calais for the express purpose of enjoying supper at this filthy inn, in the company of his arch-enemy.
In social intercourse he gives you the surface that he wishes the world to accept, and you can only gain a true knowledge of him by inferences from little actions, of which he is unconscious, and from fleeting expressions, which cross his face unknown to him.
Because he had dressed a doll in gorgeous robes and set her in a sanctuary to worship her, and then discovered that the doll was filled with sawdust he could neither forgive himself nor her.
Two little drops in that river that flowed silently towards the unknown; two little drops that to themselves had so much individuality and to the onlooker were but an undistinguishable part of the water.
I never expected you to love me, I didn't see any reason that you should, I never thought myself very lovable.
We dream all night of those mountain ridges in the horizon, though they may be of vapor only, which were last gilded by his rays.
Whoever then would be free, let him wish nothing, let him decline nothing, which depends on others; else he must necessarily be a slave.
His situation, in fact, seemed, materially speaking, no more brilliant than Ned Winsett's; but he had lived in a world in which, as he said, no one who loved ideas need hunger mentally.
Hints have indeed not been wanting; but since you appear unwilling to take them from others, I offer you this one myself, in the only form in which well-bred people of our kind can communicate unpleasant things to each other: by letting you understand that I know you mean to see Ellen when you are in Washington, and are perhaps going there expressly for that purpose; and that, since you are sure to see her, I wish you to do so with my full and explicit approval and to take the opportunity of letting her know what the course of conduct you have encouraged her in is likely to lead to.
Through this atmosphere of torrid splendour moved wan beings as richly upholstered as the furniture, beings without definite pursuits or permanent relations, who drifted on a languid tide of curiosity from restaurant to concert-hall, from palm-garden to music-room, from art exhibit to dress-maker's opening.
It was rather that he had preserved a certain social detachment, a happy air of viewing the show objectively, of having points of contact outside the great gilt cage in which they were all huddled for the mob to gape at.
He felt, no doubt, more sorry for her than her indignant relatives; but it seemed to him that the tie between husband and wife, even if breakable in prosperity, should be indissoluble in misfortune.
Suddenly, like a thing falling upon me from without, came—fear.
So she enjoyed herself heartily, and found, what isn’t always the case, that her granted wish was all she had hoped.
But please hug and kiss me, everyone, and don’t mind my dress.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead.
It was on the moral side, and in my own person, that I learned to recognise the thorough and primitive duality of man; I saw that, of the two natures that contended in the field of my consciousness, even if I could rightly be said to be either, it was only because I was radically both; and from an early date, even before the course of my scientific discoveries had begun to suggest the most naked possibility of such a miracle, I had learned to dwell with pleasure, as a beloved daydream, on the thought of the separation of these elements.
No special effort to overcome their feelings is necessary, nor do such people require to be worked up in order to take the step; but as soon as the keeper into whose charge they are given leaves them for a couple of minutes, they quickly bring their life to an end.
This he had done because it was too difficult to live believing one’s self; believing one’s self, one had to decide every question not in favour of one’s own animal life, which is always seeking for easy gratifications, but almost in every case against it.
The power of unfulfilled desires is the root of all man's slavery.
Oak had nothing finished and ready to say as yet, and not being able to frame love phrases which end where they begin; passionate tales— —Full of sound and fury, —Signifying nothing— he said no word at all.
He piled upon the whale’s white hump the sum of all the general rage and hate felt by his whole race from Adam down; and then, as if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart’s shell upon it.
I tried to cheer her up, and apparently succeeded in some degree, before the walk was over; but in the very act my conscience reproved me, knowing, as I did, that, sooner or later, the tie must be broken, and this was only nourishing false hopes and putting off the evil day.
One glance he gave, one little smile at parting—it was but for a moment; but therein I read, or thought I read, a meaning that kindled in my heart a brighter flame of hope than had ever yet arisen.
A cigar is a sort of thing, not exactly a pleasure, but the crown and outward sign of pleasure.
No one does believe it.
It would make a good film, the story that you have recounted to me there—but it bears no sort of resemblance to everyday life.
He knew that Vronsky could not be prevented from amusing himself with painting; he knew that he and all dilettanti had a perfect right to paint what they liked, but it was distasteful to him.
Every violent reform deserves censure, for it quite fails to remedy evil while men remain what they are, and also because wisdom needs no violence.
He walked down, for a long while avoiding looking at her as at the sun, but seeing her, as one does the sun, without looking.
Aren’t we all flung into the world only to hate each other, and so to torture ourselves and each other?
The word morality, if we met it in the Bible, would surprise us as much as the word telephone or motor car.
I try to follow his example, not to imitate him.
Common people do not pray, my lord: they only beg.
And when, on the still cold nights, he pointed his nose at a star and howled long and wolflike, it was his ancestors, dead and dust, pointing nose at star and howling down through the centuries and through him.
I know nothing that I may say can influence you, he said.
Man, awake, is compelled to seek a perpetual escape into Hope, Belief, Fable, Art, God, Socialism, Immortality, Alcohol, Love.
’Tis no heart he has at all.
Anna had been preparing herself for this meeting, had thought what she would say to him, but she did not succeed in saying anything of it; his passion mastered her.
Looking farther, I was surprised to find that the chips were covered with such combatants, that it was not a _duellum_, but a _bellum_, a war between two races of ants, the red always pitted against the black, and frequently two red ones to one black.
But the walking of which I speak has nothing in it akin to taking exercise, as it is called, as the sick take medicine at stated hours—as the swinging of dumb-bells or chairs; but is itself the enterprise and adventure of the day.
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
This fondness for imaginary objects, and the facility with which I could gain possession of them, completed my disgust for everything around me, and fixed that inclination for solitude which has ever since been predominant.
Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is; the people is never corrupted, but it is often deceived, and on such occasions only does it seem to will what is bad.
But Levin was in love, and so it seemed to him that Kitty was so perfect in every respect that she was a creature far above everything earthly; and that he was a creature so low and so earthly that it could not even be conceived that other people and she herself could regard him as worthy of her.
Never mind my heart: an Irishman's heart is nothing but his imagination.
Jo never, never would learn to be proper, for when he said that as they stood upon the steps, she just put both hands into his, whispering tenderly, Not empty now, and stooping down, kissed her Friedrich under the umbrella.
They did feel it, yet neither spoke of it, for often between ourselves and those nearest and dearest to us there exists a reserve which it is very hard to overcome.
You know, I answered with some emotion, for I have never seen so much of Holmes’s heart before, that it is my greatest joy and privilege to help you.
Doubtless we can not SEE that other higher Spaceland now, because we we have no eye in our stomachs.
Distress not yourself if you can not at first understand the deeper mysteries of Spaceland.
So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man can not be true—not true, or undeveloped.
In truth, a mature man who uses hair-oil, unless medicinally, that man has probably got a quoggy spot in him somewhere.
And there is all the difference in the world between paying and being paid.
No more my splintered heart and maddened hand were turned against the wolfish world.
Well, then, however the old sea-captains may order me about—however they may thump and punch me about, I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way—either in a physical or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the universal thump is passed round, and all hands should rub each other’s shoulder-blades, and be content.
And here, shipmates, is true and faithful repentance; not clamorous for pardon, but grateful for punishment.
How fortunate was he who lived in the peace and security of the great forest!
The Hungarian nobles set free millions of serfs, at an immense pecuniary loss; and, perhaps, among us may be found generous spirits, who do not estimate honor and justice by dollars and cents.
But it is often those who have least of all in this life whom he chooseth for the kingdom.
Tom opened his eyes, and looked upon his master.
As he paced the platform, waiting for the Washington express, he remembered that there were people who thought there would one day be a tunnel under the Hudson through which the trains of the Pennsylvania railway would run straight into New York.
Under the glitter of their opportunities she saw the poverty of their achievement.
But she could not breathe long on the heights; there had been nothing in her training to develop any continuity of moral strength: what she craved, and really felt herself entitled to, was a situation in which the noblest attitude should also be the easiest.
She had everything she wanted, but she still felt, at times, that there were other things she might want if she knew about them.
The boy was not insensitive, he knew; but he had the facility and self-confidence that came of looking at fate not as a master but as an equal.
No, said the priest, you don't need to accept everything as true, you only have to accept it as necessary.
A man and a woman sat naked on a sofa, the base intent of whoever drew it was easy to see but he had been so grossly lacking in skill that all that anyone could really make out were the man and the woman who dominated the picture with their bodies, sitting in overly upright postures that created a false perspective and made it difficult for them to approach each other.
By what right do men touch that unknown thing?
This need of the immaterial is the most deeply rooted of all needs.
Although this detail has no connection whatever with the real substance of what we are about to relate, it will not be superfluous, if merely for the sake of exactness in all points, to mention here the various rumors and remarks which had been in circulation about him from the very moment when he arrived in the diocese.
Their position was perhaps the happiest of all positions in the social scale, being above the line at which neediness ends, and below the line at which the _convenances_ begin to cramp natural feelings, and the stress of threadbare modishness makes too little of enough.
Only a wall divided him from those happy young contemporaries of his with whom he shared a common mental life; men who had nothing to do from morning till night but to read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest.
Sometimes more bitterness is sown in five minutes than can be got rid of in a whole life; and that may be the case here.
What a fool she must have been ever to have had anything to do with the man!
Henery Fray spoke, exhibiting miserable eyes at the same time: I don’t see why a maid should take a husband when she’s bold enough to fight her own battles, and don’t want a home; for’tis keeping another woman out.
Justice was done, and the President of the Immortals, in Æschylean phrase, had ended his sport with Tess.
She thought, without exactly wording the thought, how strange and god-like was a composer’s power, who from the grave could lead through sequences of emotion, which he alone had felt at first, a girl like her who had never heard of his name, and never would have a clue to his personality.
They were as sublime as the moon and stars above them, and the moon and stars were as ardent as they.
God planted the seeds of all these trees, continued Hetty, after a moment's pause, and you see to what a height and shade they have grown!
I know not but man may so deform his works in the settlement, as to leave that which is so clear in the wilderness a matter of doubt among traders and priests.
To find themselves utterly alone at night where company is desirable and expected makes some people fearful; but a case more trying by far to the nerves is to discover some mysterious companionship when intuition, sensation, memory, analogy, testimony, probability, induction—every kind of evidence in the logician’s list—have united to persuade consciousness that it is quite in isolation.
'But you will never realize that an incident which filled but a degree in the circle of your thoughts covered the whole circumference of mine.
He had indeed, once declared, though not to her, that on one occasion he had noticed himself to be possessed by five distinct infatuations at the same time.
Chapter 13 There are no conditions to which a man can not become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
I fireballed him as he was seeking out treasure after we wiped out a band of orcs, playing rock-papers-scissors with each orc to determine who would prevail in combat.
They look upon fraud as a greater crime than theft, and therefore seldom fail to punish it with death; for they allege, that care and vigilance, with a very common understanding, may preserve a man’s goods from thieves, but honesty has no defence against superior cunning; and, since it is necessary that there should be a perpetual intercourse of buying and selling, and dealing upon credit, where fraud is permitted and connived at, or has no law to punish it, the honest dealer is always undone, and the knave gets the advantage.
He felt himself, and did not want to be anyone else.
But she was not even grateful to him for it; nothing good on Pierre’s part seemed to her to be an effort, it seemed so natural for him to be kind to everyone that there was no merit in his kindness.
But despite the fact that the doctors treated him, bled him, and gave him medicines to drink, he recovered.
If it had a programme of the life which awaited it before entering a new stage, it would be the surest sign that it was not living, nor advancing, but simply rotating in the same place.
XXXVIII One does not really feel much grief at other people's sorrows; one tries, and puts on a melancholy face thinking oneself brutal for not caring more, but one can not; and it is better, for if one grieved too deeply at other people's tears life would be unendurable; and every man has sufficient sorrows of his own without taking to heart his neighbour's.
In presence of Nature’s grand convulsions man is powerless.
Three causes especially have excited the discontent of mankind; and, by impelling us to seek for remedies for the irremediable, have bewildered us in a maze of madness and error.
To forget himself in sleep was impossible now, at least till nighttime; he could not go back now to the music sung by the decanter-women; so he must forget himself in the dream of daily life.
A man of the present day, whether he believes in the divinity of Christ or not, can not fail to see that to assist in the capacity of tzar, minister, governor, or commissioner in taking from a poor family its last cow for taxes to be spent on cannons, or on the pay and pensions of idle officials, who live in luxury and are worse than useless; or in putting into prison some man we have ourselves corrupted, and throwing his family on the streets; or in plundering and butchering in war; or in inculcating savage and idolatrous superstitions in the place of the law of Christ; or in impounding the cow found on one's land, though it belongs to a man who has no land; or to cheat the workman in a factory, by imposing fines for accidentally spoiled articles; or making a poor man pay double the value for anything simply because he is in the direst poverty; not a man of the present day can fail to know that all these actions are base and disgraceful, and that they need not do them.
This child, with his innocent outlook upon life, was the compass that showed them the point to which they had departed from what they knew, but did not want to know.
There are many faiths, but the spirit is one in me and in you and in him.
He had learned that as there is no condition in which man can be happy and entirely free, so there is no condition in which he need be unhappy and lack freedom.
Ever since Christianity has been outwardly professed, this question is for men in their social life like the question which presents itself to a traveler when the road on which he has been journeying divides into two branches.
Some will want beating to make them move, others will be proud to go if they are allowed to wear a scrap of ribbon or gold lace.
It is strange, pursued he, that while I love Rosamond Oliver so wildly—with all the intensity, indeed, of a first passion, the object of which is exquisitely beautiful, graceful, fascinating—I experience at the same time a calm, unwarped consciousness that she would not make me a good wife; that she is not the partner suited to me; that I should discover this within a year after marriage; and that to twelve months’rapture would succeed a lifetime of regret.
I could not, in those days, see God for His creature: of whom I had made an idol.
I had left this woman in bitterness and hate, and I came back to her now with no other emotion than a sort of ruth for her great sufferings, and a strong yearning to forget and forgive all injuries—to be reconciled and clasp hands in amity.
There is a perverse mood of the mind which is rather soothed than irritated by misconstruction; and in quarters where we can never be rightly known, we take pleasure, I think, in being consummately ignored.
I only want an easy mind, sir; not crushed by crowded obligations.
There are times when it is one’s duty to assert oneself.
If the fact will not fit the theory—let the theory go.
Because nature is an objectification of AUM, the Primal Sound or Vibratory Word, man can obtain control over all natural manifestations through the use of certain MANTRAS or chants.
Therefore, have done with this nonsense: you have no ground for hope: dismiss, at once, these hurtful thoughts and foolish wishes from your mind, and turn to your own duty, and the dull blank life that lies before you.
Then, while I lifted up my soul in speechless, earnest supplication, some heavenly influence seemed to strengthen me within: I breathed more freely; my vision cleared; I saw distinctly the pure moon shining on, and the light clouds skimming the clear, dark sky; and then I saw the eternal stars twinkling down upon me; I knew their God was mine, and He was strong to save and swift to hear.
And we, wrapped round in the rags of our virtues, and regarding others through the mist of our self-sufficiency, and persuaded of our universal impeccability, do not understand this.
I repeat, I repeat with emphasis: all direct persons and men of action are active just because they are stupid and limited.
Ten thousand difficulties do not make one doubt, as I understand the subject; difficulty and doubt are incommensurate.
And who can tell but Heaven, at last, May answer all my thousand prayers, And bid the future pay the past With joy for anguish, smiles for tears.
She was at the valiant age when we burn to right wrongs and succour the oppressed, and wild rebel schemes for the reformation of her small world came readily to her.
Conversationally, I am like a clockwork toy.
As follows: _Am taking legal advice to ascertain whether strangling an idiot nephew counts as murder.
In his normal state he would not strike a lamb.
After forty-five years of mixing with one's kind, one ought to have acquired the habit of being able to know something about one's fellow beings.
And I wish I had the power to tell them that the despair of their hearts was not to be final, and their night was not without hope.
For they have nothing to fight me with, save the brute force of their numbers.
I am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
It is my ears which hear, and the hearing of my ears gives its song to the world.
I love some great deeds done by men, though I’ve long ceased perhaps to have faith in them, yet from old habit one’s heart prizes them.
Strange, that some of us, with quick alternate vision, see beyond our infatuations, and even while we rave on the heights, behold the wide plain where our persistent self pauses and awaits us.
It’s well known there’s always two sides, if no more; else who’d go to law, I should like to know?
Every man’s work, pursued steadily, tends in this way to become an end in itself, and so to bridge over the loveless chasms of his life.
The story of their coming to be shapen after the average and fit to be packed by the gross, is hardly ever told even in their consciousness; for perhaps their ardor in generous unpaid toil cooled as imperceptibly as the ardor of other youthful loves, till one day their earlier self walked like a ghost in its old home and made the new furniture ghastly.
Oh, thou art fairer than the evening air Clad in the beauty of a thousand stars: Brighter art thou than naming Jupiter, When he appeared to hapless Semele: More lovely than the monarch of the sky, In wanton Arethusa's azured arms!
The man who says that he has no illusions has at least that one, he said, in a very friendly tone.
To beautify it is to take away its character of complexity—it is to destroy it.
Take the word for it of a man who has made his way inch by inch, and does n’t believe that we‘ll wake up to find our work done because we‘ve lain all night a-dreaming of it; anything worth doing is devilish hard to do!
The Baroness found it amusing to go to tea; she dressed as if for dinner.
The condemned social order has not been built up on paper and ink, and I don’t fancy that a combination of paper and ink will ever put an end to it, whatever you may think.
Beyond the fence the forest stood up spectrally in the moonlight, and through that dim stir, through the faint sounds of that lamentable courtyard, the silence of the land went home to one’s very heart—its mystery, its greatness, the amazing reality of its concealed life.
In the empty immensity of earth, sky, and water, there she was, incomprehensible, firing into a continent.
Curiosity being one of the forms of self-revelation, a systematically incurious person remains always partly mysterious.
I think that if advice is good it's the best comfort.
Girls, sometimes I feel as if those exams meant everything, but when I look at the big buds swelling on those chestnut trees and the misty blue air at the end of the streets they don’t seem half so important.
But the worst of imagining things is that the time comes when you have to stop and that hurts.
We scarcely wish to analyse what we feel to be so large and deeply human.
I want to dance, laugh, eat pink cakes, yellow cakes, drink thin, sharp wine.
Dead men don’t bite, you know, I added with a chuckle.
Under the strain of this continually impending doom and by the sleeplessness to which I now condemned myself, ay, even beyond what I had thought possible to man, I became, in my own person, a creature eaten up and emptied by fever, languidly weak both in body and mind, and solely occupied by one thought: the horror of my other self.
It is the hardest thing in the world to frighten a mongoose, because he is eaten up from nose to tail with curiosity.
If she survive, the tenderness will either be crushed out of her, or—and the outward semblance is the same—crushed so deeply into her heart that it can never show itself more.
In a word, old Roger Chillingworth was a striking evidence of man’s faculty of transforming himself into a devil, if he will only, for a reasonable space of time, undertake a devil’s office.
And in the deep forest, where only the old trees can hear, and the strip of sky see it, he talks with thee, sitting on a heap of moss!
The whole forest was peopled with frightful sounds the creaking of the trees, the howling of wild beasts, and the yell of Indians; while sometimes the wind tolled like a distant church bell, and sometimes gave a broad roar around the traveller, as if all Nature were laughing him to scorn.
It takes a great deal of Christianity to wipe out uncivilized Eastern instincts, such as falling in love at first sight.
She was something that is going to beâsoonâsoonâvery soon.
In the distance, the steamer twanged and thrummed and washed with her faintly-splashing paddles, trailing her strings of coloured lights, and occasionally lighting up the whole scene luridly with an effusion of fireworks, Roman candles and sheafs of stars and other simple effects, illuminating the surface of the water, and showing the boats creeping round, low down.
It was so magnificent, such an inheritance of a universe of dark reality, that they were afraid to seem to remember.
one’s duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
It was one of those moments—which sometimes occur only at the interval of years—when a man’s moral aspect is faithfully revealed to his mind’s eye.
With a brain working and a body working one could keep step with the crowd and never be found out for the hollow machine, lacking the essential thing, that one was conscious of being.
She had no wish to see any one to-night; it seemed to her that the immense riddle was answered; the problem had been solved; she held in her hands for one brief moment the globe which we spend our lives in trying to shape, round, whole, and entire from the confusion of chaos.
Oh, if I could choose, said Mabel, of course, I'd marry a brigand, and live in his mountain fastnesses, and be kind to his captives and help them to escape and You'll be a real treasure to your husband, said Gerald.
But, on the other hand, if you are in trouble, there is nothing like wings for getting you out of it.
I just wish I could marry Meg myself, and keep her safe in the family.
To others it might seem a ludicrous or trivial affair, but to her it was a hard experience, for during the twelve years of her life she had been governed by love alone, and a blow of that sort had never touched her before.
In the midst of her tears came the thought, When people are in danger, they ask God to save them; and, slipping down upon her knees, she said her prayer as she had never said it before, for when human help seems gone we turn to Him as naturally as lost children cry to their father, and feel sure that he will hear and answer them.
I like the plain, old-fashioned churches, built for use, not show, where people met for hearty praying and preaching, and where everybody made their own music instead of listening to opera singers, as we do now.
The moment Aunt March took her nap, or was busy with company, Jo hurried to this quiet place, and curling herself up in the easy chair, devoured poetry, romance, history, travels, and pictures like a regular bookworm.
I think I shall write books, and get rich and famous, that would suit me, so that is my favorite dream.
Even a fair table may become a pulpit, if it can offer the good and helpful words which are never out of season.
Where is the money!
It has not yet been recorded that any human being has gained a very large or permanent contentment from meditation upon the fact that he is better off than others.
So he took me through a stable, and through a church, and down into the church vault, at the end of which was a mill; through the mill we went, and came to a cave; down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way, till a void boundless as a nether sky appeared beneath us, and we held by the roots of trees, and hung over this immensity; but I said: If you please, we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether Providence is here also; if you will not, I will.
Men are themselves to blame, I suppose; they were given paradise, they wanted freedom, and stole fire from heaven, though they knew they would become unhappy, so there is no need to pity them.
There is a sadness at the back of life which they do not attempt to mitigate.
When two people have been married for years they seem to become unconscious of each other’s bodily presence so that they move as if alone, speak aloud things which they do not expect to be answered, and in general seem to experience all the comfort of solitude without its loneliness.
Literature had taken possession even of her memories.
More new books—I wonder what you find in them.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed, is, at a year old, a most delicious nourishing and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricasee, or a ragoust.
We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends those whom we obey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the most free, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties, even those for whom home holds no dear face, no familiar voice, even they have to meet the spirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in its valleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its trees a mute friend, judge, and inspirer.
And in the hush that had fallen suddenly upon the whole sorrowful land, the immense wilderness, the colossal body of the fecund and mysterious life seemed to look at her, pensive, as though it had been looking at the image of its own tenebrous and passionate soul.
But the fact remains that you must touch your reward with clean hands, lest it turn to dead leaves, to thorns, in your grasp.
It puzzled K., at least it puzzled him looking at it from the policemen's point of view, that they had made him go into the room and left him alone there, where he had ten different ways of killing himself.
Nothing is more seductive for man than his freedom of conscience, but nothing is a greater cause of suffering.
As time rolls on, however, we discover that duty is a series of compromises; we contemplate life, regard its end, and submit; but it is a submission which makes the heart bleed.
For this is your business—to act well the given part, but to choose it belongs to another.
It is only when you suffer that you really understand.
However, everything has an end, everything passes away, even the hunger of people who have not eaten for fifteen hours.
I ask no more than to live a hundred years longer, that I may have more time to dwell the longer on your memory.
The vehemence of emotion, stirred by grief and love within me, was claiming mastery, and struggling for full sway, and asserting a right to predominate, to overcome, to live, rise, and reign at last: yes, —and to speak.
When once more alone, I reviewed the information I had got; looked into my heart, examined its thoughts and feelings, and endeavoured to bring back with a strict hand such as had been straying through imagination’s boundless and trackless waste, into the safe fold of common sense.
We all must die one day, and the illness which is removing me is not painful; it is gentle and gradual: my mind is at rest.
I will bestir myself, was her resolution, and try to be wise if I can not be good.
Then my sole relief was to walk along the corridor of the third storey, backwards and forwards, safe in the silence and solitude of the spot, and allow my mind’s eye to dwell on whatever bright visions rose before it—and, certainly, they were many and glowing; to let my heart be heaved by the exultant movement, which, while it swelled it in trouble, expanded it with life; and, best of all, to open my inward ear to a tale that was never ended—a tale my imagination created, and narrated continuously; quickened with all of incident, life, fire, feeling, that I desired and had not in my actual existence.
I was not born for a different destiny to the rest of my species: to imagine such a lot befalling me is a fairy tale—a day-dream.
We are not allowed to have hearts, under penalty of being hooted down and of ruining our credit.
They don't want clever men; clever men have ideas, and ideas cause trouble; they want men who have charm and tact and who can be counted on never to make a blunder.
What was it in the human heart that made you despise a man because he loved you?
It was a cold morning, and he shivered a little; but he had been taught by his uncle that his prayers were more acceptable to God if he said them in his nightshirt than if he waited till he was dressed.
I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.
20175m Without reflecting that this is the only moment in which you can study character, said the count; on the steps of the scaffold death tears off the mask that has been worn through life, and the real visage is disclosed.
You’ve been brought up like a gentleman and Christian, and I should be false to the trust laid upon me by your dead father and mother if I allowed you to expose yourself to such temptation.
Society tempts me to its service by honours and riches and the good opinion of my fellows; but I am indifferent to their good opinion, I despise honours and I can do very well without riches.
There is no general doctrine which is not capable of eating out our morality if unchecked by the deep-seated habit of direct fellow-feeling with individual fellow-men.
THE ESCAPE CHAPTER I. PARIS: SEPTEMBER, 1792 A surging, seething, murmuring crowd of beings that are human only in name, for to the eye and ear they seem naught but savage creatures, animated by vile passions and by the lust of vengeance and of hate.
The pain he was suffering was horrible, he would sooner be dead than endure it; and the thought came to him that it would be better to finish with the whole thing: he might throw himself in the river or put his neck on a railway line; but he had no sooner set the thought into words than he rebelled against it.
One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, can not be trusted to move at any recognized pace.
What could he and she really know of each other, since it was his duty, as a decent fellow, to conceal his past from her, and hers, as a marriageable girl, to have no past to conceal?
Absent that was what he was: so absent from everything most densely real and near to those about him that it sometimes startled him to find they still imagined he was there.
She wanted, passionately and persistently, two things which she believed should subsist together in any well-ordered life: amusement and respectability; and despite her surface-sophistication her notion of amusement was hardly less innocent than when she had hung on the plumber's fence with Indiana Frusk.
It was before him again in its completeness the choice in which she was content to rest: in the stupid costliness of the food and the showy dulness of the talk, in the freedom of speech which never arrived at wit and the freedom of act which never made for romance.
The motions of her mind were as incalculable as the flit of a bird in the branches.
She threw back her head with a laugh that made her chins ripple like little waves.
All For The Glory Of God And The Good Of Souls! _ The slave auctioneer’s bell and the church-going bell chime in with each other, and the bitter cries of the heart-broken slave are drowned in the religious shouts of his pious master.
You may remember that on earth though of course we never confessed it the death of anyone we knew, even those we liked best, was always mingled with a certain satisfaction at being finally done with them.
When you shoot, you pull down governments, inaugurate new epochs, abolish old orders and set up new.
Money, you think, is the sole motive to pains and hazard, deception and deviltry, in this world.
Often, when forced from his hammock by exhausting and intolerably vivid dreams of the night, which, resuming his own intense thoughts through the day, carried them on amid a clashing of phrensies, and whirled them round and round and round in his blazing brain, till the very throbbing of his life-spot became insufferable anguish; and when, as was sometimes the case, these spiritual throes in him heaved his being up from its base, and a chasm seemed opening in him, from which forked flames and lightnings shot up, and accursed fiends beckoned him to leap down among them; when this hell in himself yawned beneath him, a wild cry would be heard through the ship; and with glaring eyes Ahab would burst from his state room, as though escaping from a bed that was on fire.
By my retentive memory of the hieroglyphics upon one Sperm Whale in particular, I was much struck with a plate representing the old Indian characters chiselled on the famous hieroglyphic palisades on the banks of the Upper Mississippi.
Consider the subtleness of the sea; how its most dreaded creatures glide under water, unapparent for the most part, and treacherously hidden beneath the loveliest tints of azure.
Were I the wind, I’d blow no more on such a wicked, miserable world.
Yea, foolish mortals, Noah’s flood is not yet subsided; two thirds of the fair world it yet covers.
For what are the comprehensible terrors of man compared with the interlinked terrors and wonders of God!
For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse, and a purse is but a rag unless you have something in it.
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke’s head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant’s and you come back again; but in very poor plight.
Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
I have been thinking, she continued, still in the tone of one brimful of feeling, that the social moulds civilization fits us into have no more relation to our actual shapes than the conventional shapes of the constellations have to the real star-patterns.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
The most warlike nations at this time in being are the most rude and ignorant: the Scythians, the Parthians, Tamerlane, serve for sufficient proof of this.
He had found the thing which the modern people call Impressionism, which is another name for that final scepticism which can find no floor to the universe.
I will not and can not believe that evil is the normal condition of mankind.
It was the curse of mankind that these incongruous faggots were thus bound together—that in the agonised womb of consciousness, these polar twins should be continuously struggling.
This grove that was now so peaceful must then have rung with cries, I thought; and even with the thought I could believe I heard it ringing still.
That child of Hell had nothing human; nothing lived in him but fear and hatred.
I slept after the prostration of the day, with a stringent and profound slumber which not even the nightmares that wrung me could avail to break.
He’s more a man than any pair of rats of you in this here house, and what I say is this: let me see him that’ll lay a hand on him that’s what I say, and you may lay to it.
My friend, in working upon a case, one does not take into account only the things that are‘mentioned.’There is no reason to mention many things which may be important.
My day has been too long.
I shall expect _my_ husband to have no pleasures but what he shares with me; and if his greatest pleasure of all is not the enjoyment of my company, why, it will be the worse for him, that’s all.
The difference between reading a story and studying a story is the difference between living the story and killing the story and looking at its guts.
It is a troublesome thing, Halford, this susceptibility to affronts where none are intended.
When we are harassed by sorrows or anxieties, or long oppressed by any powerful feelings which we must keep to ourselves, for which we can obtain and seek no sympathy from any living creature, and which yet we can not, or will not wholly crush, we often naturally seek relief in poetry—and often find it, too—whether in the effusions of others, which seem to harmonize with our existing case, or in our own attempts to give utterance to those thoughts and feelings in strains less musical, perchance, but more appropriate, and therefore more penetrating and sympathetic, and, for the time, more soothing, or more powerful to rouse and to unburden the oppressed and swollen heart.
Women are never tired of bewailing man’s fickleness in love, but they only seem to snub his constancy.
It may have been observed that there is no regular path for getting out of love as there is for getting in.
There was now a distinct manifestation of morning in the air, and presently the bleared white visage of a sunless winter day emerged like a dead-born child.
If there was a reason for his preferring liberal to conservative views, which were held also by many of his circle, it arose not from his considering liberalism more rational, but from its being in closer accordance with his manner of life.
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life’s impossible; and that I can’t know, and so I can’t live, Levin said to himself.
And in spite of the fact that science, art, and politics had no special interest for him, he firmly held those views on all these subjects which were held by the majority and by his paper, and he only changed them when the majority changed them—or, more strictly speaking, he did not change them, but they imperceptibly changed of themselves within him.
Her face was brilliant and glowing; but this glow was not one of brightness; it suggested the fearful glow of a conflagration in the midst of a dark night.
This principle shows itself in men not trying to recognize the truth, but to persuade themselves that the life they are leading, which is what they like and are used to, is a life perfectly consistent with truth.
At such times it seems to him that there is nothing on earth more splendid and interesting than himself.
Millions of men, renouncing their human feelings and reason, had to go from west to east to slay their fellows, just as some centuries previously hordes of men had come from the east to the west, slaying their fellows.
Yes, I suppose so, answered Anna, as it were wondering at the boldness of his question; but the irrepressible, quivering brilliance of her eyes and her smile set him on fire as she said it.
Looking into Napoleon’s eyes Prince Andrew thought of the insignificance of greatness, the unimportance of life which no one could understand, and the still greater unimportance of death, the meaning of which no one alive could understand or explain.
He felt that all his forces, hitherto dissipated, wasted, were centered on one thing, and bent with fearful energy on one blissful goal.
He had supposed that he could stop there, that he would not be obliged to learn their sorrows also; how small a thing the actual charm of Odette was now in comparison with that formidable terror which extended it like a cloudy halo all around her, that enormous anguish of not knowing at every hour of the day and night what she had been doing, of not possessing her wholly, at all times and in all places!
Somewhere in one of the tall trees, making a stage in its height, an invisible bird, desperately attempting to make the day seem shorter, was exploring with a long, continuous note the solitude that pressed it on every side, but it received at once so unanimous an answer, so powerful a repercussion of silence and of immobility that, one would have said, it had arrested for all eternity the moment which it had been trying to make pass more quickly.
He knows there is no reason to suffer, and that satisfies him.
The secrets of this earth are not for all men to see, but only for those who will seek them.
Yet within a mile, Margaret knew of house after house, where she for her own sake, and her mother for her aunt Shaw’s, would be welcomed, if they came in gladness, or even in peace of mind.
It seems strange to think, that what gives us most hope for the future should be called Dolores, said Margaret.
how am I to dress up in my finery, and go off and away to smart parties, after the sorrow I’ve seen to-day?
By-and-by they’ll find out, tyrants makes liars.
Reason always means what someone else has got to say.
It is the first changes among familiar things that make such a mystery of time to the young, afterwards we lose the sense of the mysterious.
how she could have loved him if he had but been different, with a difference which she felt, on reflection, to be one that went low deep down.
She sat facing him and facing the light; her full beauty met his eye; her round white flexile throat rising out of the full, yet lithe figure; her lips moving so slightly as she spoke, not breaking the cold serene look of her face with any variation from the one lovely haughty curve; her eyes, with their soft gloom, meeting his with quiet maiden freedom.
But the monotonous life led by invalids often makes them like children, inasmuch as they have neither of them any sense of proportion in events, and seem each to believe that the walls and curtains which shut in their world, and shut out everything else, must of necessity be larger than anything hidden beyond.
If they came sorrowing, and wanting sympathy in a complicated trouble like the present, then they would be felt as a shadow in all these houses of intimate acquaintances, not friends.
But Mr. Hale resolved that he would not be disturbed by any such nonsensical idea; so he lay awake, determining not to think about it.
Among the scenes which are deeply impressed on my mind, none exceed in sublimity the primeval forests undefaced by the hand of man; whether those of Brazil, where the powers of Life are predominant, or those of Tierra del Fuego, where Death and decay prevail.
Africa, or North and South America, are well-sounding names, and easily pronounced; but it is not until having sailed for weeks along small portions of their shores, that one is thoroughly convinced what vast spaces on our immense world these names imply.
When we no longer look at an organic being as a savage looks at a ship, as at something wholly beyond his comprehension; when we regard every production of nature as one which has had a history; when we contemplate every complex structure and instinct as the summing up of many contrivances, each useful to the possessor, nearly in the same way as when we look at any great mechanical invention as the summing up of the labour, the experience, the reason, and even the blunders of numerous workmen; when we thus view each organic being, how far more interesting, I speak from experience, will the study of natural history become!
As natural selection acts by competition, it adapts the inhabitants of each country only in relation to the degree of perfection of their associates; so that we need feel no surprise at the inhabitants of any one country, although on the ordinary view supposed to have been specially created and adapted for that country, being beaten and supplanted by the naturalised productions from another land.
After the ennui of this disappointment her heart once more remained empty, and then the same series of days recommenced.
Recklessness is almost a man’s revenge on his woman.
He worked very hard, till nothing lived in him but his eyes.
The days of the far-off future would toil onward, still with the same burden for her to take up, and bear along with her, but never to fling down; for the accumulating days, and added years, would pile up their misery upon the heap of shame.
To the untrue man, the whole universe is false, —it is impalpable, —it shrinks to nothing within his grasp.
By all appreciable signs, they loved; they had looked love with eyes that conveyed the holy secret from the depths of one soul into the depths of the other, as if it were too sacred to be whispered by the way; they had even spoken love in those gushes of passion when their spirits darted forth in articulated breath like tongues of long-hidden flame; and yet there had been no seal of lips, no clasp of hands, nor any slightest caress such as love claims and hallows.
The proper functions of a critic is to save the tale from the artist who created it.
The same singularly proud and reserved nature which turned away with disdain from popular notoriety was capable of being moved to its depths by spontaneous wonder and praise from a friend.
You see, my own takes up such a lot of the foreground.
To persons of spirit like ourselves the only happy marriage is that which is based on a firm foundation of almost incessant quarrelling.
I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence.
The proprietor of the grocery store on the corner was bidding a silent farewell to a tomato which even he, though a dauntless optimist, had been compelled to recognize as having outlived its utility.
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us.
It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
I believe that water is the only drink for a wise man; wine is not so noble a liquor; and think of dashing the hopes of a morning with a cup of warm coffee, or of an evening with a dish of tea!
I also have in my mind that seemingly wealthy, but most terribly impoverished class of all, who have accumulated dross, but know not how to use it, or get rid of it, and thus have forged their own golden or silver fetters.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
If a thousand men were not to pay their tax-bills this year, that would not be a violent and bloody measure, as it would be to pay them, and enable the State to commit violence and shed innocent blood.
She belongs to the winter that is past, to the darkness that is over, and has no part or lot in the life I shall lead for the next six months.
Upon my word, thought Mrs. Fisher, the way one pretty face can turn a delightful man into an idiot is past all patience.
He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
I never had a _preference_ for her, any more than I have a preference for breathing.
Whatever comes, she said, can not alter one thing.
BEN WEATHERSTAFF One of the strange things about living in the world is that it is only now and then one is quite sure one is going to live forever and ever and ever.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
To know intense joy without a strong bodily frame, one must have an enthusiastic soul.
Here and there is born a Saint Theresa, foundress of nothing, whose loving heart-beats and sobs after an unattained goodness tremble off and are dispersed among hindrances, instead of centring in some long-recognizable deed.
The sense of security more frequently springs from habit than from conviction, and for this reason it often subsists after such a change in the conditions as might have been expected to suggest alarm.
It’s easy finding reasons why other folks should be patient.
He knew nothing of weekday services, and thought none the worse of the Sunday sermon if it allowed him to sleep from the text to the blessing; liking the afternoon service best, because the prayers were the shortest, and not ashamed to say so; for he had an easy, jolly conscience, broad-backed like himself, and able to carry a great deal of beer or port-wine, not being made squeamish by doubts and qualms and lofty aspirations.
When all are undressed, one is somehow not ashamed, but when one’s the only one undressed and everybody is looking, it’s degrading, he kept repeating to himself, again and again.
Now let us go, love, down the winding stair, With fingers intertwined: ay, feel my sword!
But I predict that just when you see with horror that in spite of all your efforts you are getting farther from your goal instead of nearer to it—at that very moment I predict that you will reach it and behold clearly the miraculous power of the Lord who has been all the time loving and mysteriously guiding you.
In fact, I believe that the best definition of man is the ungrateful biped.
That day must come when men will understand that freedom and daily bread enough to satisfy all are unthinkable and can never be had together, as men will never be able to fairly divide the two among themselves.
At times monstrous images are created, but the setting and the whole picture are so truth-like and filled with details so delicate, so unexpectedly, but so artistically consistent, that the dreamer, were he an artist like Pushkin or Turgenev even, could never have invented them in the waking state.
Confinement, regulation, and excessive work have no effect but to develop with these men profound hatred, a thirst for forbidden enjoyment, and frightful recalcitrations.
But man has such a predilection for systems and abstract deductions that he is ready to distort the truth intentionally, he is ready to deny the evidence of his senses only to justify his logic.
But there is this terrible thing in evil thoughts, that evil minds soon grow familiar with them.
A virgin a whole virgin is judged made and so between curves and outlines and real seasons and more out glasses and a perfectly unprecedented arrangement between old ladies and mild colds there is no satin wood shining.
I am sure you will never want to live in town again, said Timmy Willie.
This may puzzle the people who believe that there is such a thing as an absolutely right point of view, usually their own.
It was all very well for Comrade Butt to knock the food, but he had pretty well finished the ham; and if you had shoved the remainder of the jam into the bleeding lips of the starving poor it would hardly have made them sticky.
And, terrible though the fact is as an indictment of the male sex, when a woman knows all, there is invariably trouble ahead for some man.
What do you hope for?
