O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, That I am meek and gentle with these butchers.
Give me some music: music, moody food Of us that trade in love: the words are Cleopatra's.
Cure her of that: Canst thou not minister to a mind diseas’d, Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, Raze out the written troubles of the brain, And with some sweet oblivious antidote Cleanse the stuff’d bosom of that perilous stuff Which weighs upon the heart?
But, though she had taken such strong possession of me, though my fancy and my hope were so set upon her, though her influence on my boyish life and character had been all-powerful, I did not, even that romantic morning, invest her with any attributes save those she possessed.
The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by post, a day or two previous.
We learn _words_ by rote, but not their meaning; _that_ must be paid for with our life-blood, and printed in the subtle fibres of our nerves.
It is in the slow, changed life that follows; in the time when sorrow has become stale, and has no longer an emotive intensity that counteracts its pain; in the time when day follows day in dull, unexpectant sameness, and trial is a dreary routine, —it is then that despair threatens; it is then that the peremptory hunger of the soul is felt, and eye and ear are strained after some unlearned secret of our existence, which shall give to endurance the nature of satisfaction.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
How can a child, when fears annoy, But droop his tender wing, And forget his youthful spring!
Our dead are never dead to us until we have forgotten them: they can be injured by us, they can be wounded; they know all our penitence, all our aching sense that their place is empty, all the kisses we bestow on the smallest relic of their presence.
Life is a question of nerves, and fibres, and slowly built-up cells in which thought hides itself and passion has its dreams.
She is like the shadow of a white rose in a mirror of silver.
The lines in the face were few but firm, as if they were carved in marble, and lay principally about the lips, which were slightly compressed, over a set of teeth so faultless and beautiful as to give the effect of sudden sunlight when the rare bright smile, coming in an instant and shining out of the eyes, changed the whole look from the severe and resolved expression of a man ready to do and dare everything, to the keen, honest, enjoyment of the moment, which is seldom shown so fearlessly and instantaneously except by children.
It was a little golden thread running through the dark web of his present fortunes; which were growing ever gloomier and more gloomy.
Signs are small measurable things, but interpretations are illimitable, and in girls of sweet, ardent nature, every sign is apt to conjure up wonder, hope, belief, vast as a sky, and colored by a diffused thimbleful of matter in the shape of knowledge.
RAIN The rain is raining all around, It falls on field and tree, It rains on the umbrellas here, And on the ships at sea.
That odd sort of wayward mood I am speaking of, comes over a man only in some time of extreme tribulation; it comes in the very midst of his earnestness, so that what just before might have seemed to him a thing most momentous, now seems but a part of the general joke.
CHAPTER XVI I both wished and feared to see Mr. Rochester on the day which followed this sleepless night: I wanted to hear his voice again, yet feared to meet his eye.
Something of vengeance I had tasted for the first time; as aromatic wine it seemed, on swallowing, warm and racy: its after-flavour, metallic and corroding, gave me a sensation as if I had been poisoned.
He was a man without a past, whose future was the imminent grave and whose present was a bitter fever of living.
Don’t cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with all your soul that you will never know another like it.
I can say only that I knew the gnawing of a desire for vengeance on him that was a pain in itself and that exceeded all the bounds of language.
But one has to go on living'all the appointed days,'as it says in the Bible.
Whether in an advantageous position or a disadvantageous one, says Ts’ao Kung, the opposite state should be always present to your mind.
The difference is that these young people take it for granted that they're going to get whatever they want, and that we almost always took it for granted that we shouldn't.
And all the while, I suppose, he thought, real people were living somewhere, and real things happening to them.
I wish I were a girl again, half savage and hardy, and free; and laughing at injuries, not maddening under them!
He might as well plant an oak in a flower-pot, and expect it to thrive, as imagine he can restore her to vigour in the soil of his shallow cares!
Freedom so often means that one isn’t needed anywhere.
There are women who spread ruin around them through no fault of theirs, just by being too beautiful, too full of life and love.
I am alarmed when it happens that I have walked a mile into the woods bodily, without getting there in spirit.
If he had all Peru in his pocket, he would certainly have given it to the dancer; but Gringoire had not Peru, and, moreover, America had not yet been discovered.
So I says My dear if you could give me a cup of tea to clear my muddle of a head I should better understand your affairs.
My Oberon, what visions have I seen!
_Exit._ _Pros._ Ye elves of hills, brooks, standing lakes, and groves; And ye that on the sands with printless foot Do chase the ebbing Neptune, and do fly him 35 When he comes back; you demi-puppets that By moonshine do the green sour ringlets make, Whereof the ewe not bites; and you whose pastime Is to make midnight mushrooms, that rejoice To hear the solemn curfew; by whose aid 40 Weak masters though ye be I have bedimm’d The noontide sun, call’d forth the mutinous winds.
Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia, And therefore I forbid my tears.
Not I, believe me, you have dancing shoes, With nimble soles, I have a soul of lead So stakes me to the ground I can not move.
He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes’bove wisdom, grace, and fear.
Now I am well aware that pettiness and grandeur, malice and charity, hatred and love, can find place side by side in the same human heart.
As a matter of fact, an intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils.
It occurs once in the history of the most gigantic passions, and it is a period when they are in the hands of the weakest will.
Our present subject is very obscure, but, from its importance, must be discussed at some little length; and it is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance.
If you go to a place on anything but your own feet you are taken there too fast, and miss a thousand delicate joys that were waiting for you by the wayside.
Well, my dear father, in the shipwreck of life—for life is an eternal shipwreck of our hopes—I cast into the sea my useless encumbrance, that is all, and I remain with my own will, disposed to live perfectly alone, and consequently perfectly free.
Besides, said the abbe, God is merciful to all, as he has been to you; he is first a father, then a judge.
The one duty we owe to history is to re-write it.
Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated.
Well, in the first place girls never marry the men they flirt with.
It is obvious that our social spheres have been widely different.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
But my experience is that as soon as people are old enough to know better, they don’t know anything at all.
Indeed, in many respects, she was quite English, and was an excellent example of the fact that we have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one’s mistakes.
We have emancipated them, but they remain slaves looking for their masters, all the same.
I do not look on self-indulgent, sensual people as worthy of my hatred; I simply look upon them with contempt for their poorness of character.
Sometimes, in a summer morning, having taken my accustomed bath, I sat in my sunny doorway from sunrise till noon, rapt in a revery, amidst the pines and hickories and sumachs, in undisturbed solitude and stillness, while the birds sing around or flitted noiseless through the house, until by the sun falling in at my west window, or the noise of some traveller’s wagon on the distant highway, I was reminded of the lapse of time.
I have been going about for the last six months telling the whole of society that I adore you.
Even things that are true can be proved.
Because lips libertine and venal had murmured such words to him, he believed but little in the candour of hers; exaggerated speeches hiding mediocre affections must be discounted; as if the fullness of the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest metaphors, since no one can ever give the exact measure of his needs, nor of his conceptions, nor of his sorrows; and since human speech is like a cracked tin kettle, on which we hammer out tunes to make bears dance when we long to move the stars.
There is no good talking to him, said a Dragon-fly, who was sitting on the top of a large brown bulrush; no good at all, for he has gone away.
Believe me, no civilized man ever regrets a pleasure, and no uncivilized man ever knows what a pleasure is.
There are only six lines:'When a golden girl can win Prayer from out the lips of sin, When the barren almond bears, And a little child gives away its tears, Then shall all the house be still And peace come to Canterville.'
It is like handling brier-roses and may-blossoms, bright enough to the eye, and outwardly soft to the touch, but you know there are thorns beneath, and every now and then you feel them too; and perhaps resent the injury by crushing them in till you have destroyed their power, though somewhat to the detriment of your own fingers.
XXIII As an unperfect actor on the stage, Who with his fear is put beside his part, Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage, Whose strength’s abundance weakens his own heart; So I, for fear of trust, forget to say The perfect ceremony of love’s rite, And in mine own love’s strength seem to decay, O’ercharg’d with burthen of mine own love’s might.
Lady, shall I lie in your lap?
It is as if loneliness were a hard and absolute condition of existence; the envelope of flesh and blood on which our eyes are fixed melts before the outstretched hand, and there remains only the capricious, unconsolable, and elusive spirit that no eye can follow, no hand can grasp.
How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true?
Go thither and with unattainted eye, Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
Between the acting of a dreadful thing And the first motion, all the interim is Like a phantasma, or a hideous dream: The genius and the mortal instruments Are then in council; and the state of man, Like to a little kingdom, suffers then The nature of an insurrection.
He’s taller than I am!
People feel with their hearts, Ellen: and since he has destroyed mine, I have not power to feel for him: and I would not, though he groaned from this to his dying day, and wept tears of blood for Catherine!
And there you see the distinction between our feelings: had he been in my place, and I in his, though I hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall, I never would have raised a hand against him.
George’s son had done his work so thoroughly that he was considered too good a workman to live, and was, in fact, taken and tragically shot at twelve o’clock that same day—another instance of the untoward fate which so often attends dogs and other philosophers who follow out a train of reasoning to its logical conclusion, and attempt perfectly consistent conduct in a world made up so largely of compromise.
He looked haggard and careworn, like a Borgia who has suddenly remembered that he has forgotten to shove cyanide in the _consomme_, and the dinner gong due any moment.
What you want, my lad, and what you're going to get are two very different things.
The various modes of worship, which prevailed in the Roman world, were all considered by the people, as equally true; by the philosopher, as equally false; and by the magistrate, as equally useful.
Seward's Diary._ _26 September._ Truly there is no such thing as finality.
Let any obstructing cause, no matter what, be removed in any way even by death and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment.
She’s not a particular warm-hearted creature to my thinking, though she cares for him pretty middling much—as much as she’s able to; and he could make her heart ache a bit if he liked to try—which he’s too simple to do.
The things were all there to content everybody; yet everybody has the wrong thing.
There is no man or woman born into this world to whom some of these trials do not fall, and so I feel that some of them must happen to you; and I desire for you, that while you are young you should seek for strength from your Heavenly Father, that you may have a support which will not fail you in the evil day.
And they laughed so that in the end they were making as much noise as if they had been two ordinary healthy natural ten-year-old creatures—instead of a hard, little, unloving girl and a sickly boy who believed that he was going to die.
You, who so well know the nature of my soul, will not suppose, however, that I gave utterance to a threat.
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, 105 And the lamp-lighto'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor: And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted nevermore.
There was no solution, but that universal solution which life gives to all questions, even the most complex and insoluble.
Everything is made out of Magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people.
He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle, if he had been aware of it.
They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
He could not feel her near him in the darkness nor her voice touch his ear.
What is that word known to all men?
He had but one word for both these kinds of toil; he called them _gardening_.
Here she succeeded better, for she was one of those happily created beings who please without effort, make friends everywhere, and take life so gracefully and easily that less fortunate souls are tempted to believe that such are born under a lucky star.
I’d rather see you poor men’s wives, if you were happy, beloved, contented, than queens on thrones, without self-respect and peace.
such spots are there on the disc of the clearest planet; and eyes like Miss Scatcherd’s can only see those minute defects, and are blind to the full brightness of the orb.
If there are words and wrongs like knives, whose deep-inflicted lacerations never heal—cutting injuries and insults of serrated and poison-dripping edge—so, too, there are consolations of tone too fine for the ear not fondly and for ever to retain their echo: caressing kindnesses—loved, lingered over through a whole life, recalled with unfaded tenderness, and answering the call with undimmed shine, out of that raven cloud foreshadowing Death himself.
Out to Sea I had this story from one who had no business to tell it to me, or to any other.
It does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue of a strong individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick walls, and the rare virtue of interior spaciousness.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run.
Well, you know, women are often under the impression that men are much more madly in love with them than they really are.
I remember one man who couldn’t get any work to do and his wife died, so he pawned his clothes and bought a revolver; but he made a mess of it, he only shot out an eye and he got all right.
The writer is more concerned to know than to judge.
It would be no better, if I stopped my most unwilling hand.
But one fact he made clear to me; people talk of beauty lightly, and having no feeling for words, they use that one carelessly, so that it loses its force; and the thing it stands for, sharing its name with a hundred trivial objects, is deprived of dignity.
And O what a bright old song it is, that O‘tis love,‘tis love,‘tis love that makes the world go round!
That monster custom, who all sense doth eat, Of habits evil, is angel yet in this, That to the use of actions fair and good He likewise gives a frock or livery That aptly is put on.
The dreamer if you want an exact definition is not a human being, but a creature of an intermediate sort.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
Oh, my friend, marriage is the moral death of every proud soul, of all independence.
Because now is the only time there ever is to do a thing in, said Miss Ophelia.
It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is imagination the mother of truth?
The millions are awake enough for physical labor; but only one in a million is awake enough for effective intellectual exertion, only one in a hundred millions to a poetic or divine life.
One has always had a childhood, whatever one becomes.
The civilized man is a more experienced and wiser savage.
The love born of beauty was not mine; I had nothing in common with it: I could not dare to meddle with it, but another love, venturing diffidently into life after long acquaintance, furnace-tried by pain, stamped by constancy, consolidated by affection’s pure and durable alloy, submitted by intellect to intellect’s own tests, and finally wrought up, by his own process, to his own unflawed completeness, this Love that laughed at Passion, his fast frenzies and his hot and hurried extinction, in _this_ Love I had a vested interest; and whatever tended either to its culture or its destruction, I could not view impassibly.
Love me, then, or hate me, as you will, I said at last, you have my full and free forgiveness: ask now for God’s, and be at peace.
When the common soldiers are too strong and their officers too weak, the result is _insubordination_.
Sun Tzŭ said: Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle, will arrive exhausted.
In a well-governed State, there are few punishments, not because there are many pardons, but because criminals are rare; it is when a State is in decay that the multitude of crimes is a guarantee of impunity.
Archer reddened to the temples, but dared not move or speak: it was as if her words had been some rare butterfly that the least motion might drive off on startled wings, but that might gather a flock about it if it were left undisturbed.
He’s always, always in my mind: not as a pleasure, any more than I am always a pleasure to myself, but as my own being.
My hands are of your color, but I shame To wear a heart so white.
It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the`Living Infinite,'as one of your poets has said.
I could have forgiven it if he'd fallen desperately in love with someone and gone off with her.
I like books whose virtue is all drawn together in a page or two.
When the long winter nights come on and the wolves follow their meat into the lower valleys, he may be seen running at the head of the pack through the pale moonlight or glimmering borealis, leaping gigantic above his fellows, his great throat a-bellow as he sings a song of the younger world, which is the song of the pack.
There is a patience of the wild—dogged, tireless, persistent as life itself—that holds motionless for endless hours the spider in its web, the snake in its coils, the panther in its ambuscade; this patience belongs peculiarly to life when it hunts its living food; and it belonged to Buck as he clung to the flank of the herd, retarding its march, irritating the young bulls, worrying the cows with their half-grown calves, and driving the wounded bull mad with helpless rage.
So I shall just tell you the nice, interesting parts and in between you will understand that we had our meals and got up and went to bed, and dull things like that.
Love is God, and to die means that I, a particle of love, shall return to the general and eternal source.
She was the smile that shed light on all round her.
I prefer to be foolish when I feel like it, and be accountable to nobody.
Like the tender fire of stars moments of their life together, that no one knew of or would ever know of, broke upon and illumined his memory.
It put me upon reflecting how little repining there would be among mankind at any condition of life if people would rather compare their condition with those that were worse, in order to be thankful, than be always comparing them with those which are better, to assist their murmurings and complainings.
He is himself his own World, his own Universe; of any other than himself he can form no conception; he knows not Length, nor Breadth, nor Height, for he has had no experience of them; he has no cognizance even of the number Two; nor has he a thought of Plurality; for he is himself his One and All, being really Nothing.
No one writes anything that is worth writing, unless he writes entirely for the sake of his subject.
The sky is like a black sieve pierced by silver drops that tremble, ready to burst through.
When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
All beasts are happy, For when they die Their souls are soon dissolved in elements; But mine must live still, and be plagued in hell.
For him the universe did not extend beyond the circumference of her petticoat, and he reproached himself with not loving her.
There is, one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath; like those fabled undulations of the Ephesian sod over the buried Evangelist St. John.
They spoke very little of their mutual feeling; pretty phrases and warm expressions being probably unnecessary between such tried friends.
Every mile was redolent of associations, which she would not have missed for the world, but each of which made her cry upon the days that are no more, with ineffable longing.
But yet men are led away from threatening destruction: a hand is put into theirs, which leads them forth gently towards a calm and bright land, so that they look no more backward; and the hand may be a little child’s.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
A woman dictates before marriage in order that she may have an appetite for submission afterwards.
It was one of those dangerous moments when speech is at once sincere and deceptive; when feeling, rising high above its average depth, leaves floodmarks which are never reached again.
Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies!
And if you wish to receive of the ancient city an impression with which the modern one can no longer furnish you, climb—on the morning of some grand festival, beneath the rising sun of Easter or of Pentecost—climb upon some elevated point, whence you command the entire capital; and be present at the wakening of the chimes.
Great black clouds, heavy, torn, split, hung like crape hammocks beneath the starry dome of night.
Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed.
I sometimes think if we knew all, we should be more glad to get away.
For, Evil often stops short at itself and dies with the doer of it; but Good, never.
It is the only way to eat them.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.
Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and can not: that is all one can say.
It is said that every life has its roses and thorns; there seemed, however, to have been a misadventure or mistake in Stephen’s case, whereby somebody else had become possessed of his roses, and he had become possessed of the same somebody else’s thorns in addition to his own.
For the secret of man’s being is not only to live but to have something to live for.
In a morbid condition of the brain, dreams often have a singular actuality, vividness, and extraordinary semblance of reality.
Destiny stands by sarcastic with our dramatis personae folded in her hand.
One of these skeletons, which was that of a woman, still had a few strips of a garment which had once been white, and around her neck was to be seen a string of adrezarach beads with a little silk bag ornamented with green glass, which was open and empty.
Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
Some of the best people that ever lived have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought not to consider poverty a crime.
Margaret thought about him more than she had ever done before; not with any tinge of what is called love, but with regret that she had wounded him so deeply, and with a gentle, patient striving to return to their former position of antagonistic friendship; for a friend’s position was what she found that he had held in her regard, as well as in that of the rest of the family.
They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to Boston or New York.
In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows.
Soon, too soon, were we Where my eyes were useless, And I knew not the ways of my feet I clung to the hand of my friend; But at last he cried, I am lost.
Let us think only of that which threatens our soul.
It is a wound that bleeds when any hand but that of love touches it, and even then must bleed again, though not in pain.
But a chance tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play—I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
No, I am not at all cynical, I have merely got experience, which, however, is very much the same thing.
London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
I hope to-morrow will be a fine day, Lane.
In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor the good rewarded.
I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
I don’t care for anybody in the whole world but you.
Shall we their fond pageant see?
But good my brother, Do not as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven; Whilst like a puff’d and reckless libertine Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads, And recks not his own rede.
Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
She felt an overwhelming tenderness for him, and a dark, under-stirring of jealous hatred, that he should lie so perfect and immune, in an other-world, whilst she was tormented with violent wakefulness, cast out in the outer darkness.
Even in his own heart’s privacy, he excused himself, saying, If she hadn’t said so-and-so, it would never have happened.
I have never allowed a gentleman to dictate to me, or to interfere with anything I do.
Nothing moved him or spoke to him from the real world unless he heard in it an echo of the infuriated cries within him.
Once I Pass’d Through a Populous City Once I pass’d through a populous city imprinting my brain for future use with its shows, architecture, customs, traditions, Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met there who detain’d me for love of me, Day by day and night by night we were together all else has long been forgotten by me, I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me, Again we wander, we love, we separate again, Again she holds me by the hand, I must not go, I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous.
I am larger, better than I thought, I did not know I held so much goodness.
All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the instruments, It is not the violins and the cornets, it is not the oboe nor the beating drums, nor the score of the baritone singer singing his sweet romanza, nor that of the men’s chorus, nor that of the women’s chorus, It is nearer and farther than they.
I found myself back in the sepulchral city resenting the sight of people hurrying through the streets to filch a little money from each other, to devour their infamous cookery, to gulp their unwholesome beer, to dream their insignificant and silly dreams.
For the years, he felt, had not quenched his soul or hers.
—You behold in me, Stephen said with grim displeasure, a horrible example of free thought.
You may remember the old Persian saying,‘There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.’There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world.
The apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow, nor the lion the horse how he shall take his prey.
For in tremendous extremities human souls are like drowning men; well enough they know they are in peril; well enough they know the causes of that peril; nevertheless, the sea is the sea, and these drowning men do drown.
That excessive regard of parents for their own children, and their dislike of other people’s, is, like class-feeling, patriotism, save-your-own-soul-ism, and other virtues, a mean exclusiveness at bottom.
If any one wishes to be impressed with the soul-killing effects of slavery, let him go to Colonel Lloyd’s plantation, and, on allowance-day, place himself in the deep pine woods, and there let him, in silence, analyze the sounds that shall pass through the chambers of his soul, —and if he is not thus impressed, it will only be because there is no flesh in his obdurate heart.
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated.
It had the effect of a spell, taking her out of the ordinary relations with humanity, and enclosing her in a sphere by herself.
HATTER I keep them to sell.
Madness alone is truly terrifying, inasmuch as you can not placate it either by threats, persuasion, or bribes.
The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love, lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up, forever, on my best affections.
To reveal art and conceal the artist is art’s aim.
Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar.
The only excuse for making a useless thing is that one admires it intensely.
Even you are not rich enough, Sir Robert, to buy back your past.
Say that his power lies in words and looks; in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count'em up: what then?
We need be careful how we deal with those about us, when every death carries to some small circle of survivors, thoughts of so much omitted, and so little done—of so many things forgotten, and so many more which might have been repaired!
Young girl, the pine is not beautiful; it is not beautiful like the poplar, but it keeps its foliage in winter.
Strange as my circumstances were, the terms of this debate are as old and commonplace as man; much the same inducements and alarms cast the die for any tempted and trembling sinner; and it fell out with me, as it falls with so vast a majority of my fellows, that I chose the better part and was found wanting in the strength to keep to it.
I pretend I am a princess, so that I can try and behave like one.
She hates the leveret that runs across the path; she hates everything that is not what she longs for.
Every human action is inevitably conditioned by what surrounds him and by his own body.
He wished she knew his impressions; but he would as soon have thought of carrying an odour in a net as of attempting to convey the intangibilities of his feeling in the coarse meshes of language.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
A person or an act is never entirely Sansara or entirely Nirvana, a person is never entirely holy or entirely sinful.
Darkness is in our souls do you not think?
For, although at first it had struck her, that his offer was forced and goaded out of him by sharp compassion for the exposure she had made of herself, which he, like others, might misunderstand yet, even before he left the room, and certainly not five minutes after, the clear conviction dawned upon her, shined bright upon her, that he did love her; that he had loved her; that he would love her.
But if the great sun move not of himself; but is as an errand-boy in heaven; nor one single star can revolve, but by some invisible power; how then can this one small heart beat; this one small brain think thoughts; unless God does that beating, does that thinking, does that living, and not I.
Glimpses do ye seem to see of that mortally intolerable truth; that all deep, earnest thinking is but the intrepid effort of the soul to keep the open independence of her sea; while the wildest winds of heaven and earth conspire to cast her on the treacherous, slavish shore?
Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him.
And you, their best beloved one, are now to me, flesh of my flesh; blood of my blood; kin of my kin; my bountiful wine-press for a while; and shall be later on my companion and my helper.
It just means that a person is able to know that you are unhappy, and to love you extra on that account, without bothering you by telling you all the time how sorry she is for you.
It was the worst hurt he had ever known.
O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn’d a heaven into hell!
Or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I’ll no longer be a Capulet.
to all the house: Glamis hath murder’d sleep, and therefore Cawdor Shall sleep no more.
Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream, Brief as the lightning in the collied night That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And, ere a man hath power to say,‘Behold!’The jaws of darkness do devour it up: So quick bright things come to confusion.
I’m afraid I couldn’t like him without a spice of human naughtiness.
Yes, she could do that; and with a very earnest prayer, Polly asked for the strength of an upright soul, the beauty of a tender heart, the power to make her life a sweet and stirring song, helpful while it lasted, remembered when it died.
Go on with your work as usual, for work is a blessed solace.
Sun Tzŭ said: The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
For I am busy then, As well as breakfast, lunch, and tea, For they are hungry men: But different folk have different views: I know a person small She keeps ten million serving-men, Who get no rest at all!
But I gave myself up to it; it was an antidote to any pain, and I had more pains than one.
Had you come back for me, and had there been no other way, I would have gone into the jungle with you—forever.
When you see this you will know that it is for you and that Tarzan of the Apes loves you.
The body is literally manufactured and sustained by mind.
Not only freedom from a bond that irked, and a companionship which depressed her; freedom, not only from the death which had threatened, but freedom from the love that had degraded her; freedom from all spiritual ties, the freedom of a disembodied spirit; and with freedom, courage and a valiant unconcern for whatever was to come.
His incredible untidiness, his addiction to music at strange hours, his occasional revolver practice within doors, his weird and often malodorous scientific experiments, and the atmosphere of violence and danger which hung around him made him the very worst tenant in London.
There are nowadays professors of philosophy, but not philosophers.
A bird in the hand was worth two in the bush, he told her, to which she retorted that a proverb was the last refuge of the mentally destitute.
Vaguely, as when you are studying a foreign language and read a page which at first you can make nothing of, till a word or a sentence gives you a clue; and on a sudden a suspicion, as it were, of the sense flashes across your troubled wits, vaguely she gained an inkling into the workings of Walter's mind.
What everybody echoes or in silence passes by as true to-day may turn out to be falsehood to-morrow, mere smoke of opinion, which some had trusted for a cloud that would sprinkle fertilizing rain on their fields.
I believe in it, I answer for it, for the whole work of man really seems to consist in nothing but proving to himself every minute that he is a man and not a piano-key!
I accept the torture of accusation, and my public shame, I want to suffer and by suffering I shall be purified.
One bright day in the last week of February, I was walking in the park, enjoying the threefold luxury of solitude, a book, and pleasant weather; for Miss Matilda had set out on her daily ride, and Miss Murray was gone in the carriage with her mamma to pay some morning calls.
Things happen to people by accident, she used to say.
I am so tired so tired of being whirled on through all these phases of my life, in which nothing abides by me, no creature, no place; it is like the circle in which the victims of earthly passion eddy continually.
And the life of the ebony clock went out with that of the last of the gay.
It must have taken a good deal to overcome her pride.
_Pros._ Thou shalt be as free As mountain winds: but then exactly do All points of my command.
The footsteps are obliterated now; the face of the country may be changed; but the pillar is still there, to remind me how all things were when it was reared.
Well, then, however the old sea-captains may order me about—however they may thump and punch me about, I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way—either in a physical or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the universal thump is passed round, and all hands should rub each other’s shoulder-blades, and be content.
She said nothing, and Sir Andrew too was silent, yet those two young people understood one another, as young people have a way of doing all the world over, and have done since the world began.
She was no longer that happy creature who in earlier youth wandered with me on the banks of the lake and talked with ecstasy of our future prospects.
You blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
In the early ages of the world, according to the scripture chronology, there were no kings; the consequence of which was there were no wars; it is the pride of kings which throw mankind into confusion.
With friends, one is well; but at home, one is better, he answered, and went into his study.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain, But lust’s effect is tempest after sun; 800 Love’s gentle spring doth always fresh remain, Lust’s winter comes ere summer half be done.
One must love everything.
The fact was, however, that she was always dreaming and thinking odd things and could not herself remember any time when she had not been thinking things about grown-up people and the world they belonged to.
It's so easy that when you begin you can't stop.
The heart of a woman who loves will forgive many blows.
The child is small, and he includes the man; the brain is narrow, and it harbours thought; the eye is but a point, and it covers leagues.
All our discontents about what we want appeared to me to spring from the want of thankfulness for what we have.
Some folk want their luck buttered.
It's all that the young can do for the old, to shock them and keep them up to date.
Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.
He distrusted her affection; and what loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
A man falling into dark waters seeks a momentary footing even on sliding stones; and Silas, by acting as if he believed in false hopes, warded off the moment of despair.
And as they came out the other side, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone.
We should acknowledge God merciful, but not always for us comprehensible.
Strongly-marked horizontal eyebrows must be traced under that brow; then followed, naturally, a well-defined nose, with a straight ridge and full nostrils; then a flexible-looking mouth, by no means narrow; then a firm chin, with a decided cleft down the middle of it: of course, some black whiskers were wanted, and some jetty hair, tufted on the temples, and waved above the forehead.
I marvelled where you had got that sort of face.
Her own limits were the limits of her horizon; but limited minds can recognize limitations only in others.
Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise; for the result is waste of time and general stagnation.
When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak, the result is _collapse_.
Yes, I was a fool, but I was in love, and though I was suffering the greatest misery I had ever known I would not have had it otherwise for all the riches of Barsoom.
So perfect a government is not for men.
It was on the moral side, and in my own person, that I learned to recognise the thorough and primitive duality of man; I saw that, of the two natures that contended in the field of my consciousness, even if I could rightly be said to be either, it was only because I was radically both; and from an early date, even before the course of my scientific discoveries had begun to suggest the most naked possibility of such a miracle, I had learned to dwell with pleasure, as a beloved daydream, on the thought of the separation of these elements.
I am convinced, that if all men were to live as simply as I then did, thieving and robbery would be unknown.
There is always a something, a remnant, which will never come out from your brain, but will remain there with you, and you alone, for ever and ever, and you will die, perhaps, without having imparted what may be the very essence of your idea to a single living soul.
I admit that twice two makes four is an excellent thing, but if we are to give everything its due, twice two makes five is sometimes a very charming thing too.
If life is often as hard as this, I don’t see how we ever shall get through it, added her sister despondently.
My dear girls, I am ambitious for you, but not to have you make a dash in the world, marry rich men merely because they are rich, or have splendid houses, which are not homes because love is wanting.
I am glad a task to me is given, To labor at day by day, For it brings me health and strength and hope, And I cheerfully learn to say, Head, you may think, Heart, you may feel, But, Hand, you shall work alway!
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight.
When an uninstructed multitude attempts to see with its eyes, it is exceedingly apt to be deceived.
Love is, after all, a selfish thing; and it throws a black shadow on anything between which and the light it stands.
Souls and memories can do strange things during trance.
I sat in the darkness, where there is not any created thing, and to you I was only a voice commanding valour and an unnatural virtue.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
Ah, nowadays we are all of us so hard up, that the only pleasant things to pay _are_ compliments.
It was the passions about whose origin we deceived ourselves that tyrannized most strongly over us.
How many of the names on the county clerk’s plat will be there in fifty years?
There he lay in the white intensity of his search, and his voice gradually filled her with fear, so level it was, almost inhuman, as if in a trance.
âWhen we really want to go for something better, we shall smash the old.
If I spoke a gentle word in your hearing, may it deafen you!
‘But somebody is always being murdered, and I didn’t read it.’A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I have observed it to be considered since.
I only know that it was, and ceased to be; and that I have written, and there I leave it.
The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden, there came through the open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more delicate perfume of the pink-flowering thorn.
There is no hopelessness so sad as that of early youth, when the soul is made up of wants, and has no long memories, no superadded life in the life of others; though we who looked on think lightly of such premature despair, as if our vision of the future lightened the blind sufferer’s present.
But Dorothea remembered it to the last with the vividness with which we all remember epochs in our experience when some dear expectation dies, or some new motive is born.
Disagreeable is a word that describes your feelings and not my actions.
But most, through midnight streets I hear How the youthful harlot’s curse Blasts the new-born infant’s tear, And blights with plagues the marriage hearse.
Love, that exempts no one beloved from loving, Seized me with pleasure of this man so strongly, That, as thou seest, it doth not yet desert me; Love has conducted us unto one death; Caina waiteth him who quenched our life!
The deeper the self-realization of a man, the more he influences the whole universe by his subtle spiritual vibrations, and the less he himself is affected by the phenomenal flux.
Do not seek absolute values in the relative world of nature.
I sometimes liken it to a fire of dry twigs and branches compared with one of solid coal, very bright and hot; but if it should burn itself out and leave nothing but ashes behind, what shall I do?
But at length, by Elizabeth’s persuasion, he was prevailed on to overlook the offence, and seek a reconciliation; and, after a little further resistance on the part of his aunt, her resentment gave way, either to her affection for him, or her curiosity to see how his wife conducted herself; and she condescended to wait on them at Pemberley, in spite of that pollution which its woods had received, not merely from the presence of such a mistress, but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the city.
OF writing many books there is no end; And I who have written much in prose and verse For others’uses, will write now for mine, — Will write my story for my better self, As when you paint your portrait for a friend, Who keeps it in a drawer and looks at it Long after he has ceased to love you, just To hold together what he was and is.
O, that there would come a famine through all the world, that all might die, and I live alone!
There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realize who it is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him.
There is one thing, and only one thing, in which it is granted to you to be free in life, all else being beyond your power: that is to recognize and profess the truth.
Only a few were irrational assumptions; but, unfortunately, they were the ones which most frequently grew into deeds.
You’ll do to give us the bare words and facts, but we come in to supply the thoughts.
If a married couple come to settle in the town, somehow the gentleman disappears; he is either fairly frightened to death by being the only man in the Cranford evening parties, or he is accounted for by being with his regiment, his ship, or closely engaged in business all the week in the great neighbouring commercial town of Drumble, distant only twenty miles on a railroad.
I think that must be an hereditary quality, for my father says he is scarcely ever wrong.
Although he hated Margaret at times, when he thought of that gentle, familiar attitude and all the attendant circumstances, he had a restless desire to renew her picture in his mind a longing for the very atmosphere she breathed.
Mr. Thornton, said Margaret, shaking all over with her passion, go down this instant, if you are not a coward.
He asked himself what is a woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to distant music, a symbol of.
Read your own obituary notice they say you live longer.
Clare had studied the curves of those lips so many times that he could reproduce them mentally with ease: and now, as they again confronted him, clothed with colour and life, they sent an _aura_ over his flesh, a breeze through his nerves, which well nigh produced a qualm; and actually produced, by some mysterious physiological process, a prosaic sneeze.
And if he left off dreaming about you, where do you suppose you’d be?
A blaze of love, and extinction, was better than a lantern glimmer of the same which should last long years.
All night long he sings, and the cold crystal moon looks down, and the yew-tree spreads out its giant arms over the sleepers.
Yet there are worse things in the world than that.
I forget who it was that recommended men for their soul's good to do each day two things they disliked: it was a wise man, and it is a precept that I have followed scrupulously; for every day I have got up and I have gone to bed.
The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.
He is shut in a tower of brass, and can communicate with his fellows only by signs, and the signs have no common value, so that their sense is vague and uncertain.
Unconsciously, perhaps, we treasure the power we have over people by their regard for our opinion of them, and we hate those upon whom we have no such influence.
Woe to him who offends a child!
Every single human being should be the fulfilment of a prophecy: for every human being should be the realisation of some ideal, either in the mind of God or in the mind of man.
Of her own experience she had no memory of the thing happening; but in her instinct, which was the experience of all the mothers of wolves, there lurked a memory of fathers that had eaten their new-born and helpless progeny.
If for nine years I have possessed a goodly apple that is rotten at the core and discover its rottenness only in nine years and six months less four days, isn't it true to say that for nine years I possessed a goodly apple?
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
I have a business appointment that I am anxious.
But what can a decent man speak of with most pleasure?
If they know nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat.
Every one quoted it, it was full of so many words that they could not understand.
No thinking being lives who, at some luminous point of his life of thought, has not felt himself lost amid the surges of futile efforts at understanding, or believing, that anything exists _greater than his own soul_.
There is no passion in nature so demoniacally impatient, as that of him who, shuddering upon the edge of a precipice, thus meditates a plunge.
I looked, and had an acute pleasure in looking, —a precious yet poignant pleasure; pure gold, with a steely point of agony: a pleasure like what the thirst-perishing man might feel who knows the well to which he has crept is poisoned, yet stoops and drinks divine draughts nevertheless.
We can't any of us do all we would like, but we can do our best for every case that comes to us, and that helps amazingly.
Lamentations spring only from the constant craving to reopen the wound.
If your mind dislike anything, obey it.
Jo’s breath gave out here, and wrapping her head in the paper, she bedewed her little story with a few natural tears, for to be independent and earn the praise of those she loved were the dearest wishes of her heart, and this seemed to be the first step toward that happy end.
I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world!
This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself, And leads the will to desperate undertakings, As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures.
Call me but love, and I’ll be new baptis’d; Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
How low am I, thou painted maypole?
I am not old, but my young way was never the way to age.
Many a night that summer she left Dr. Archie's office with a desire to run and run about those quiet streets until she wore out her shoes, or wore out the streets themselves; when her chest ached and it seemed as if her heart were spreading all over the desert.
I love to amuse myself with trifles, by beginning a hundred things and never finishing one of them, by going or coming as I take either into my head, by changing my project at every instant, by following a fly through all its windings, in wishing to overturn a rock to see what is under it, by undertaking with ardor the work of ten years, and abandoning it without regret at the end of ten minutes; finally, in musing from morning until night without order or coherence, and in following in everything the caprice of a moment.
A swift carriage, of a dark night, rattling with four horses over roads that one can’t see that’s my idea of happiness.
There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did.
Her whole being dilated in an atmosphere of luxury; it was the background she required, the only climate she could breathe in.
Poetry and art are the breath of life to her.
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine courage.
I don't know who it is, she said; but somebody cares for me a little.
I love him so much, and so dearly, that when I sometimes think my life may be but a weary one, I am proud of it and glad of it.
What would you do if she struck you across the face with her glove?
Come, dear, Gwendolen rises we have already missed five, if not six, trains.
to see sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight; to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Law never made men a whit more just; and, by means of their respect for it, even the well-disposed are daily made the agents of injustice.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
But she her life was cold as a garret whose dormer window looks on the north, and ennui, the silent spider, was weaving its web in the darkness in every corner of her heart.
She did not believe that things could present themselves in the same way in different places, and since the portion of her life lived had been bad, no doubt that which remained to be lived would be better.
He had the effect on her of a window being thrown open and fresh air and sunlight being let in.
It was you I thought of all the time; I gave to them the love you did not need: lavished on them a love that was not theirs.
God’s law is only Love.
Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.
The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of God, which is the secret of religion—these are the two things that govern us.
The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things.
The world is made by the singer for the dreamer.
With the abolition of private property, then, we shall have true, beautiful, healthy Individualism.
I don’t like compliments, and I don’t see why a man should think he is pleasing a woman enormously when he says to her a whole heap of things that he doesn’t mean.
Alice replied, rather shyly, I—I hardly know, sir, just at present—at least I know who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed several times since then.
It is astonishing what a different result one gets by changing the metaphor!
This made me reflect, how vain an attempt it is for a man to endeavour to do himself honour among those who are out of all degree of equality or comparison with him.
It made me feel as if I were something the dog had brought in and intended to bury later on, when he had time.
I mean to say, there is something about their personality that paralyses the vocal cords and reduces the contents of the brain to cauliflower.
He was one of those earnest, persevering dancers the kind that have taken twelve correspondence lessons.
The uptorn trees are not rooted again; the parted hills are left scarred; if there is a new growth, the trees are not the same as the old, and the hills underneath their green vesture bear the marks of the past rending.
She had felt as if her heart were hiding down there, somewhere, with the quail and the plover and all the little wild things that crooned or buzzed in the sun.
Surely the saddest thing in the world is falling out of love if once one has ever fallen in.
All we have ever managed to do is to pay our rent, the exorbitant rent that one has to pay for a few square feet of space near the heart of things.
But we are not here concerned with hopes or fears, only with the truth as far as our reason permits us to discover it; and I have given the evidence to the best of my ability.
One’s self for other people is one’s expression of one’s self; and one’s house, one’s furniture, one’s garments, the books one reads, the company one keeps these things are all expressive.
There were several ways of understanding her: there was what she said, and there was what she meant, and there was something, between the two, that was neither.
It’s not my fate to give up I know it can’t be.
To renounce liberty is to renounce being a man, to surrender the rights of humanity and even its duties.
The child is only naughty because he is weak; make him strong and he will be good; if we could do everything we should never do wrong.
One marvel of a day he had walked so far that when he returned the moon was high and full and all the world was purple shadow and silver.
For some time she observed a great yellow butterfly, which was opening and closing its wings very slowly on a little flat stone.
Man delights not me; no, nor woman neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so.
The all-seeing sun Ne’er saw her match since first the world begun.
We will meet, and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously.
Such men as he be never at heart’s ease Whiles they behold a greater than themselves, And therefore are they very dangerous.
He came up straight to her father, whose hands he took and wrung without a word holding them in his for a minute or two, during which time his face, his eyes, his look, told of more sympathy than could be put into words.
He could not say rather, he would not deny himself the chance of the pleasure of seeing Margaret.
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go.
My surprise reached a climax, however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System.
Who but a coward would pass his whole life in hamlets; and for ever abandon his faculties to the eating rust of obscurity?
Self-abandoned, relaxed, and effortless, I seemed to have laid me down in the dried-up bed of a great river; I heard a flood loosened in remote mountains, and felt the torrent come: to rise I had no will, to flee I had no strength.
Besides, with this creed, I can so clearly distinguish between the criminal and his crime; I can so sincerely forgive the first while I abhor the last: with this creed revenge never worries my heart, degradation never too deeply disgusts me, injustice never crushes me too low: I live in calm, looking to the end.
They were staggered to learn that a real tangible person, living in Minnesota, and married to their own flesh-and-blood relation, could apparently believe that divorce may not always be immoral; that illegitimate children do not bear any special and guaranteed form of curse; that there are ethical authorities outside of the Hebrew Bible; that men have drunk wine yet not died in the gutter; that the capitalistic system of distribution and the Baptist wedding-ceremony were not known in the Garden of Eden; that mushrooms are as edible as corn-beef hash; that the word dude is no longer frequently used; that there are Ministers of the Gospel who accept evolution; that some persons of apparent intelligence and business ability do not always vote the Republican ticket straight; that it is not a universal custom to wear scratchy flannels next the skin in winter; that a violin is not inherently more immoral than a chapel organ; that some poets do not have long hair; and that Jews are not always pedlers or pants-makers.
So may the New Year be a happy one to you, happy to many more whose happiness depends on you!
Look, one says to oneself, look how cold the world is growing.
And as individuals get into trouble by making too great a show of liveries, or as slaves when they are too numerous rise against their masters, so I think I could mention a nation that has got into many great difficulties, and will get into many greater, from maintaining too large a retinue of words.
Whatever the misery, he could not regain contentment with a world which, once doubted, became absurd.
Meg’s high-heeled slippers were very tight and hurt her, though she would not own it, and Jo’s nineteen hairpins all seemed stuck straight into her head, which was not exactly comfortable, but, dear me, let us be elegant or die.
She did not rebuke Jo with saintly speeches, only loved her better for her passionate affection, and clung more closely to the dear human love, from which our Father never means us to be weaned, but through which He draws us closer to Himself.
No ruler should put troops into the field merely to gratify his own spleen; no general should fight a battle simply out of pique.
and hence we can hold the enemy’s fate in our hands.
A wet day was the expression of irremediable grief at her weakness in the mind of some vague ethical being whom she could not class definitely as the God of her childhood, and could not comprehend as any other.
It was always beautiful from here; it was terribly beautiful to Tess to-day, for since her eyes last fell upon it she had learnt that the serpent hisses where the sweet birds sing, and her views of life had been totally changed for her by the lesson.
I verily believe that her not remembering and not minding in the least, made me cry again, inwardly, —and that is the sharpest crying of all.
The only scriptural admonition that Ralph Nickleby heeded, in the letter, was‘know thyself.’He knew himself well, and choosing to imagine that all mankind were cast in the same mould, hated them; for, though no man hates himself, the coldest among us having too much self-love for that, yet most men unconsciously judge the world from themselves, and it will be very generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature, and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant samples.
‘Her mind was an hotel where facts came and went like transient lodgers, without leaving their address behind, and frequently without paying for their board.
She drew them away, and he turned to the door, found his coat and hat under the faint gas-light of the hall, and plunged out into the winter night bursting with the belated eloquence of the inarticulate.
But he thought of it now as a thing so unattainable and improbable that to have repined would have been like despairing because one had not drawn the first prize in a lottery.
When all things lasted so short a time and nothing mattered very much, it seemed pitiful that men, attaching an absurd importance to trivial objects, should make themselves and one another so unhappy.
Towards thee I roll, thou all-destroying but unconquering whale; to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee; for hate’s sake I spit my last breath at thee.
May not one lost soul be permitted to abstain?
Sing about the long deep sleep Of lovers that are dead, and how In the grave all love shall sleep: Love is aweary now.
Like holding water in your hand.
It whispers to us that there are great things on this earth of ours, and that we can know them if we try, and that we must know them.
His mother put him to bed, and made some camomile tea; and she gave a dose of it to Peter!
A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas.
It is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool nowhere but in’s own house.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions: I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done, than be one of twenty to follow mine own teaching.
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him?
O brave new world, That has such people in’t!
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting, it is a most sharp sauce.
Shame serves thy life and doth thy death attend.
If his destiny be strange, it is also sublime.
One day, when I was suggesting this theory to Captain Nemo, he replied coldly: The earth does not want new continents, but new men.
Her own misery filled her heart—there was no room in it for other people’s sorrow.
We may ignore our own dependence, or refuse to acknowledge that others depend upon us in more respects than the payment of weekly wages; but the thing must be, nevertheless.
But if he dreaded exposure of his tenderness, he was equally desirous that all men should recognise his justice; and he felt that he had been unjust in giving so scornful a hearing to any one who had waited, with humble patience, for five hours, to speak to him.
Why, it would really be being unselfish to go away and be happy for a little, because we would come back so much nicer.
She thought it would be awkward for both to be brought into conscious collision: and fancied that, from her being on a low seat at first, and now standing behind her father, he had overlooked her in his haste.
I daresay there’s great truth in yon Latin book on your shelves; but it’s gibberish and not truth to me, unless I know the meaning o’the words.
She lifted her little savage hand and knocked Emily off the chair, bursting into a passion of sobbing Sara who never cried.
He had them as spellbound as a roomful of Ewoks listening to C3PO.
The people of England regards itself as free; but it is grossly mistaken; it is free only during the election of members of parliament.
They fed me behind bars from an iron pan till one night I felt that I was Bagheera the Panther and no man’s plaything, and I broke the silly lock with one blow of my paw and came away.
It was not so handsome as the chambers where he lodged his male friends; it was not like the hall where he accommodated his philanthropy, or the library where he treasured his science, still less did it resemble the pavilion where his marriage feast was splendidly spread; yet, gradually, by long and equal kindness, he proved to me that he kept one little closet, over the door of which was written Lucy’s Room.
For a long time the fear of seeming singular scared me away; but by degrees, as people became accustomed to me and my habits, and to such shades of peculiarity as were engrained in my nature—shades, certainly not striking enough to interest, and perhaps not prominent enough to offend, but born in and with me, and no more to be parted with than my identity—by slow degrees I became a frequenter of this strait and narrow path.
Finally she smiled, and, rising, said: I shall have to believe even though I can not understand.
Very little—as I know; but if evil men were not now and then slain it would not be a good world for weaponless dreamers.
The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it, said Holmes.
It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
We are all drifting reefwards now, and faith is our only anchor.
Oh, Madam Mina, good women tell all their lives, and by day and by hour and by minute, such things that angels can read; and we men who wish to know have in us something of angels'eyes.
People who can speak well, speak briefly.
If I had had the power to prevent my own birth I should certainly never have consented to accept existence under such ridiculous conditions.
The amount of it is, if a man is alive, there is always _danger_ that he may die, though the danger must be allowed to be less in proportion as he is dead-and-alive to begin with.
But the rich man—not to make any invidious comparison—is always sold to the institution which makes him rich.
When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us.
Over the portal of the new world,‘Be thyself’shall be written.
We women, as some one says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your eyes, if you ever love at all.
You have never been poor, and never known what ambition is.
The only pity was one had to pay so often for a single fault.
I believe I am to have enough to live on for about eighteen months at any rate, so that if I may not write beautiful books, I may at least read beautiful books; and what joy can be greater?
I saw him open his mouth wide—it gave him a weirdly voracious aspect, as though he had wanted to swallow all the air, all the earth, all the men before him.
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts; but the feeling would not last long.
There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies—which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world—what I want to forget.
His face was like the autumn sky, overcast one moment and bright the next.
When I think of it, the picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in the churchyard, and I sitting on my bed, reading as if for life.
Many hunger-worn outcasts close their eyes in our bare streets, at such times, who, let their crimes have been what they may, can hardly open them in a more bitter world.
It is known, to the force of a single pound weight, what the engine will do; but, not all the calculators of the National Debt can tell me the capacity for good or evil, for love or hatred, for patriotism or discontent, for the decomposition of virtue into vice, or the reverse, at any single moment in the soul of one of these its quiet servants, with the composed faces and the regulated actions.
We went our several ways, said Lady Dedlock, and had little in common even before we agreed to differ.
We think that we are generous because we credit our neighbour with the possession of those virtues that are likely to be a benefit to us.
People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
But scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
I was jealous; therefore I loved.
We have Nature beaten; we can make her grow wheat; we can keep warm when she sends blizzards.
They are composed of an infinity of successive loves, of different jealousies, each of which is ephemeral, although by their uninterrupted multitude they give us the impression of continuity, the illusion of unity.
how hard a thing it is to say What was this forest savage, rough, and stern, Which in the very thought renews the fear.
Moreover, the figure near at hand suffers on such occasion, because it shows up its sorriness without shade; while vague figures afar off are honoured, in that their distance makes artistic virtues of their stains.
The poetry of motion is a phrase much in use, and to enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilised mankind, who are dreamwrapt and disregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
CHAPTER XXII THE GREAT BARN AND THE SHEEP-SHEARERS Men thin away to insignificance and oblivion quite as often by not making the most of good spirits when they have them as by lacking good spirits when they are indispensable.
She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.
Her countenance was all expression; her eyes were not dark, but impenetrably deep; you seemed to discover space after space in their intellectual glance, and to feel that the soul which was their soul, comprehended an universe of thought in its ken.
The Fox A fox looked at his shadow at sunrise and said, I will have a camel for lunch today.
And it’s a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing.
And Troy’s deformities lay deep down from a woman’s vision, whilst his embellishments were upon the very surface; thus contrasting with homely Oak, whose defects were patent to the blindest, and whose virtues were as metals in a mine.
She suddenly thought one afternoon, when looking in the glass at her fairness, that there was yet another date, of greater importance to her than those; that of her own death, when all these charms would have disappeared; a day which lay sly and unseen among all the other days of the year, giving no sign or sound when she annually passed over it; but not the less surely there.
We ought to have lived in mental communion, and no more.
And sometimes you are St. Stephen, who, while they were stoning him, could see Heaven opened.
Now your honour is to know, that these judges are persons appointed to decide all controversies of property, as well as for the trial of criminals, and picked out from the most dexterous lawyers, who are grown old or lazy; and having been biassed all their lives against truth and equity, lie under such a fatal necessity of favouring fraud, perjury, and oppression, that I have known some of them refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than injure the faculty, by doing any thing unbecoming their nature or their office.
And there is no greatness where simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
Man lives consciously for himself, but is an unconscious instrument in the attainment of the historic, universal, aims of humanity.
And he felt himself oppressed by this creation of factitious purity, so cunningly manufactured by a conspiracy of mothers and aunts and grandmothers and long-dead ancestresses, because it was supposed to be what he wanted, what he had a right to, in order that he might exercise his lordly pleasure in smashing it like an image made of snow.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea.
I own I can not; but we know not that it will be so; —and I do know that to regret the exchange of earthly pleasures for the joys of heaven, is as if the grovelling caterpillar should lament that it must one day quit the nibbled leaf to soar aloft and flutter through the air, roving at will from flower to flower, sipping sweet honey from their cups, or basking in their sunny petals.
Now, in his heart, Ahab had some glimpse of this, namely: all my means are sane, my motive and my object mad.
A good chessplayer having lost a game is sincerely convinced that his loss resulted from a mistake he made and looks for that mistake in the opening, but forgets that at each stage of the game there were similar mistakes and that none of his moves were perfect.
It did not lead him to meditate upon his frailty as a creature of temperature, and upon man’s frailty in general, able only to live within certain narrow limits of heat and cold; and from there on it did not lead him to the conjectural field of immortality and man’s place in the universe.
The more he studied, the more vistas he caught of fields of knowledge yet unexplored, and the regret that days were only twenty-four hours long became a chronic complaint with him.
His hunger fed upon what he read, and increased.
But the Wild is the Wild, and motherhood is motherhood, at all times fiercely protective whether in the Wild or out of it; and the time was to come when the she-wolf, for her grey cub’s sake, would venture the left fork, and the lair in the rocks, and the lynx’s wrath.
He had been suddenly jerked from the heart of civilization and flung into the heart of things primordial.
He became quicker of movement than the other dogs, swifter of foot, craftier, deadlier, more lithe, more lean with ironlike muscle and sinew, more enduring, more cruel, more ferocious, and more intelligent.
It marked, further, the decay or going to pieces of his moral nature, a vain thing and a handicap in the ruthless struggle for existence.
Imprimis: I am a man who, from his youth upwards, has been filled with a profound conviction that the easiest way of life is the best.
CXXII If any be unhappy, let him remember that he is unhappy by reason of himself alone.
You know well I couldn’t bear to live with a low common man after you two; and it’s wicked and cruel of you to insult me by pretending I could.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Every Friday buries a Thursday if you come to look at it.
It seems stupid to have discovered America only to make it into a copy of another country.
She had taken everything else from him; and now she meant to take the one thing that made up for all the others.
You couldn’t walk alone between two sunrises and hustle the meat for your belly for three meals.
You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home.
At last, we know not what it is to live in the open air, and our lives are domestic in more senses than we think.
I am one of the sort that lives by throwing stones at other people’s glass houses, but I never mean to put up one for them to stone.
Well, I must say, Algernon, that I think it is high time that Mr. Bunbury made up his mind whether he was going to live or to die.
She has form, he said to himself, as he walked away through the grove—that can not be denied to her; but has she got feeling?
It is their chief charm.
Ordinary people waited till life disclosed to them its secrets, but to the few, to the elect, the mysteries of life were revealed before the veil was drawn away.
What the artist is always looking for is the mode of existence in which soul and body are one and indivisible: in which the outward is expressive of the inward: in which form reveals.
If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart, he answered, sinking into an arm-chair.
It was always springtime once in my heart.
It was the popular theme for jests; it was the best cure for headache, it infallibly prevented the hair from turning grey, it imparted a peculiar delicacy to the complexion, it was the National Razor which shaved close: who kissed La Guillotine, looked through the little window and sneezed into the sack.
Mrs. Joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself.
We won’t make an author of you, while there’s an honest trade to be learnt, or brick-making to turn to.
For an hour or more, I remained too stunned to think; and it was not until I began to think, that I began fully to know how wrecked I was, and how the ship in which I had sailed was gone to pieces.
But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
I set fire to the horoscope scroll, placing the ashes in a paper bag on which I wrote: Seeds of past karma can not germinate if they are roasted in the divine fires of wisdom.
I take it, no fool ever made a bargain for his soul with the devil; the fool is too much of a fool, or the devil too much of a devil—I don’t know which.
It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red.
There is a mystery about this which stimulates the imagination; where there is no imagination there is no horror.
If I have set it down it is because that which is clearly known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and guessed.
This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie.
There is often a good deal of the child left in people who have had to grow up too soon.
DUCHESS I quite agree with you, and the moral of that is Be what you would seem to be; or, if you'd like it put more simply, Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself—and not a taper lighted at the hearthstone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.
And I add this part here, to hint to whoever shall read it, that whenever they come to a true sense of things, they will find deliverance from sin a much greater blessing than deliverance from affliction.
When women are secret they are secret indeed; and more often than not they only begin to be secret with the advent of a second lover.
But the chief cause of our natural unwillingness to admit that one species has given birth to other and distinct species, is that we are always slow in admitting any great change of which we do not see the intermediate steps.
Depending upon one another's hearts, ye had still hoped that virtue were not all a dream.
For, whatever may be said of the relation of the sexes, there is no man who loves a woman that does not desire to come to her for the renewal of his courage, for the cutting asunder of his difficulties.
You do not let your eyes see nor your ears hear, and that which is outside your daily life is not of account to you.
From my earliest recollection, I date the entertainment of a deep conviction that slavery would not always be able to hold me within its foul embrace; and in the darkest hours of my career in slavery, this living word of faith and spirit of hope departed not from me, but remained like ministering angels to cheer me through the gloom.
Love was like a parasite in his heart, nourishing a hateful existence on his life’s blood; it absorbed his existence so intensely that he could take pleasure in nothing else.
He found that it was easy to make a heroic gesture, but hard to abide by its results.
As if a woman ever loved a man for his virtue, Kitty mocked.
You can treat them like dogs, you can beat them till your arm aches, and still they love you.
Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life.
It was a night so beautiful that your soul seemed hardly able to bear the prison of the body.
When they were small the parents doted on them, passed through agonies of apprehension at each childish ailment, and the children clung to their parents with love and adoration; a few years passed, the children grew up, and persons not of their kin were more important to their happiness than father or mother.
But Philip was impatient with himself; he called to mind his idea of the pattern of life: the unhappiness he had suffered was no more than part of a decoration which was elaborate and beautiful; he told himself strenuously that he must accept with gaiety everything, dreariness and excitement, pleasure and pain, because it added to the richness of the design.
Arise fair sun and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief, That thou her maid art far more fair than she.
Why, because he was mad; he shall recover his wits there; or if he do not, it’s no great matter there.
Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel; But do not dull thy palm with entertainment Of each new-hatch’d, unfledg’d comrade.
Alack, there lies more peril in thine eye Than twenty of their swords.
These times of woe afford no tune to woo.
How is it that the clouds still hang on you?
And bles’d are those Whose blood and judgment are so well co-mingled That they are not a pipe for Fortune’s finger To sound what stop she please.
Your dead sleep quietly, at least, Captain, out of the reach of sharks.
Upon my word, I think the truth is the hardest missile one can be pelted with.
That was the strange thing, that one did not know where one was going, or what one wanted, and followed blindly, suffering so much in secret, always unprepared and amazed and knowing nothing; but one thing led to another and by degrees something had formed itself out of nothing, and so one reached at last this calm, this quiet, this certainty, and it was this process that people called living.
She had accepted this submergence as philosophically as all her other trials, and now, in extreme old age, was rewarded by presenting to her mirror an almost unwrinkled expanse of firm pink and white flesh, in the centre of which the traces of a small face survived as if awaiting excavation.
There's no turning back your old self rejects you, and shuts you out.
No fact is too little to let it slip through one's fingers and besides the interest of facts themselves, there is the strange power we have of changing facts by the force of the imagination.
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
Doing nothing, expecting nothing; merging night in day; feeling but the sensation of cold when I let the fire go out, of hunger when I forgot to eat: and then a ceaseless sorrow, and, at times, a very delirium of desire to behold my Jane again.
But afterwards, is there nothing more for me in life—no true home—nothing to be dearer to me than myself, and by its paramount preciousness, to draw from me better things than I care to culture for myself only?
My world had for some years been in Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
Any time I was feeling low, I'd naturally start to remember other times I felt that way, a hit-parade of humiliations coming one after another to my mind.
Margaret was so unconscious of herself, and so much amused by watching other people, that she never thought whether she was left unnoticed or not.
not a gallon you burn, but at least one drop of man’s blood was spilled for it.
I had been seasoned by adversity, and tutored by experience, and I longed to redeem my lost honour in the eyes of those whose opinion was more than that of all the world to me.
O, with what freshness, what solemnity and beauty, is each new day born; as if to say to insensate man, Behold!
Can I see another’s grief, And not seek for kind relief?
covet when He prayed for His disciples, and when He bid them shake off the dust of their feet against such as refused to lodge them?
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.
The blood is the life!
She was young and very beautiful, but pale, like the grey pallor of death.
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper, or from that old baboon, who descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
The break between man and his nearest allies will then be wider, for it will intervene between man in a more civilised state, as we may hope, even than the Caucasian, and some ape as low as a baboon, instead of as now between the negro or Australian and the gorilla.
It may be conceded to the mathematicians that four is twice two.
It suddenly seemed to me that I was lonely, that every one was forsaking me and going away from me.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he can not distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
It was easier to try for your sakes than for my own; a startled or surprised look from one of you, when I spoke sharply, rebuked me more than any words could have done; and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.
It was then that the ecstasy and the dream began, in which emotion was the matter of the universe, and matter but an adventitious intrusion likely to hinder you from spinning where you wanted to spin.
As she walked along to-day, for all her bouncing handsome womanliness, you could sometimes see her twelfth year in her cheeks, or her ninth sparkling from her eyes; and even her fifth would flit over the curves of her mouth now and then.
But God knows how to make the story end just right in the way that's best for us.
WHITE QUEEN It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.
It does good to no woman to be flattered by her superior, who can not possibly intend to marry her; and it is madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, _ignis-fatuus_-like, into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
So do flux and reflux—the rhythm of change—alternate and persist in everything under the sky.
He looked and smelt like Autumn’s very brother, his face being sunburnt to wheat-color, his eyes blue as corn-flowers, his boots and leggings dyed with fruit-stains, his hands clammy with the sweet juice of apples, his hat sprinkled with pips, and everywhere about him that atmosphere of cider which at its first return each season has such an indescribable fascination for those who have been born and bred among the orchards.
He had been held to her by a beautiful thread which it pained him to spoil by breaking, rather than by a chain he could not break.
Queens must be managed: kings must be managed; for men want managing almost as much as women, and that's saying a good deal.
Well, what I mean is that I shouldn’t mind being a bride at a wedding, if I could be one without having a husband.
As long as there is one mistake in the universe; as long as one wrong is permitted to exist; as long as there is hatred and antagonism among mankind, the existence of a God is a moral impossibility.
Well has Solomon said—Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Soft, amiable natures they would have refined to saintliness; of strong, evil spirits they would have made demons; as for me, I have only been a woe-struck and selfish woman.
While I looked, my inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose; I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.
I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all extraneous delights should be withheld, or offered only at a price I can not afford to give.’The forehead declares,‘Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms.
It was one of those jolly, happy, bread-crumbling parties where you cough twice before you speak, and then decide not to say it after all.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock.
There were moments when he looked on evil simply as a mode through which he could realize his conception of the beautiful.
She sat to-night revolving, as she was wont, the scenes of the day, her lips often curling with amusement at the oddities to which her fancy added fresh drollery: people were so ridiculous with their illusions, carrying their fool’s caps unawares, thinking their own lies opaque while everybody else’s were transparent, making themselves exceptions to everything, as if when all the world looked yellow under a lamp they alone were rosy.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
We cannibals must help these Christians.
Being alive is the Magic—being strong is the Magic.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
One must wait till it comes.
But the cloud never comes in that quarter of the horizon from which we watch for it.
Of all faults the one she most despised in others was the want of bravery; the meanness of heart which leads to untruth.
Wonderfullest things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no epitaphs; this six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington.
No insect hangs its nest on threads as frail as those which will sustain the weight of human vanity; and the sense of being of importance among the insignificant was enough to restore to Miss Bart the gratifying consciousness of power.
Then stay with me a little longer, Madame Olenska said in a low tone, just touching his knee with her plumed fan.
He exulted in the possession of himself once more; he realised how much of the delight of the world he had lost when he was absorbed in that madness which they called love; he had had enough of it; he did not want to be in love any more if love was that.
Man performs actions because they are good for him, and when they are good for other people as well they are thought virtuous: if he finds pleasure in giving alms he is charitable; if he finds pleasure in helping others he is benevolent; if he finds pleasure in working for society he is public-spirited; but it is for your private pleasure that you give twopence to a beggar as much as it is for my private pleasure that I drink another whiskey and soda.
Therefore have done: some grief shows much of love, But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
_Exit Caliban._ _Re-enter ARIEL, invisible, playing and singing; FERDINAND following._ _ARIEL’S song._ Come unto these yellow sands, 375 And then take hands: Courtsied when you have and kiss’d The wild waves whist: Foot it featly here and there; And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear.
Let us do so: for we are at the stake, And bay’d about with many enemies; And some that smile have in their hearts, I fear, Millions of mischiefs.
But this rough magic 50 I here abjure; and, when I have required Some heavenly music, which even now I do, To work mine end upon their senses, that This airy charm is for, I’ll break my staff, Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, 55 And deeper than did ever plummet sound I’ll drown my book.
And here, over the portals of my fort, I shall cut in the stone the word which is to be my beacon and my banner.
People, in general, he said, only ask advice not to follow it; or if they do follow it, it is for the sake of having someone to blame for having given it.
No, no, he is dead, Go to thy death-bed, He never will come again.
Ah, my friend, one may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs; Being purg’d, a fire sparkling in lovers’eyes; Being vex’d, a sea nourish’d with lovers’tears: What is it else?
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Keeping these impressions in view, I was cautious in what I said before the young lady; for I could not be sure that she was sane; and, in fact, there was a certain restless brilliancy about her eyes which half led me to imagine she was not.
I continued, as was my wont, to smile in his face, and he did not perceive that my smile _now_ was at the thought of his immolation.
All other knowledge is hurtful to him who has not the science of goodness.
Harry, said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
There is a fatality about all physical and intellectual distinction, the sort of fatality that seems to dog through history the faltering steps of kings.
Algernon is an extremely, I may almost say an ostentatiously, eligible young man.
Memory, my dear Cecily, is the diary that we all carry about with us.
Philanthropic people lose all sense of humanity.
Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!
I think life too complex a thing to be settled by these hard and fast rules.
It was only that morning Anne had said, If you went to your own room at midnight, locked the door, pulled down the blind, and _sneezed_, Mrs. Lynde would ask you the next day how your cold was!
Yes, there is something uncanny, devilish and fascinating in her, Kitty said to herself.
I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be; Am an attendant lord, one that will do To swell a progress, start a scene or two, Advise the prince; no doubt, an easy tool, Deferential, glad to be of use, Politic, cautious, and meticulous; Full of high sentence, but a bit obtuse; At times, indeed, almost ridiculous Almost, at times, the Fool.
In the East, where these ideas and practices have developed, and where for several thousand years an unbroken tradition has created the necessary spiritual foundations, Yoga is, as I can readily believe, the perfect and appropriate method of fusing body and mind together so that they form a unity which is scarcely to be questioned.
Vanity plays lurid tricks with our memory, and the truth of every passion wants some pretence to make it live.
And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count; and, unlike the celebrated herd in the poem, they were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
If there’s any doubt about the matter, he is, returned the doctor.
The leprosy of unreality disfigured every human creature in attendance upon Monseigneur.
We spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us.
I have seen wicked men and fools, a great many of both; and I believe they both get paid in the end; but the fools first.
I found every breath of air, and every scent, and every flower and leaf and blade of grass, and every passing cloud, and everything in nature, more beautiful and wonderful to me than I had ever found it yet.
Then, as Christmas is a time in which, of all times in the year, the memory of every remediable sorrow, wrong, and trouble in the world around us, should be active with us, not less than our own experiences, for all good, he laid his hand upon the boy, and, silently calling Him to witness who laid His hand on children in old time, rebuking, in the majesty of His prophetic knowledge, those who kept them from Him, vowed to protect him, teach him, and reclaim him.
Sleep is still most perfect, in spite of hygienists, when it is shared with a beloved.
Persons with any weight of character carry, like planets, their atmospheres along with them in their orbits; and the matron who entered now upon the scene could, and usually did, bring her own tone into a company.
So strangely did they meet, in the dim wood, that it was like the first encounter, in the world beyond the grave, of two spirits who had been intimately connected in their former life, but now stood coldly shuddering, in mutual dread; as not yet familiar with their state, nor wonted to the companionship of disembodied beings.
The fiend in his own shape is less hideous than when he rages in the breast of man.
He wondered why the pelican was the symbol of charity, except it was that it wanted a good deal of charity to admire a pelican.
You know that I have come to be where you are, he said; I can’t help it.
There are people, on the other hand, who desire above all to find in that lucky rival the qualities by which he has outstripped them, and seek with a throbbing ache at heart only what is good.
Then he had thought himself unhappy, but happiness was before him; now he felt that the best happiness was already left behind.
Oh, well, if you want original conversation, you'd better go and talk to yourself.
It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
I am, a stride at a time.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease.
She carried her head high; her hair was done in the shape of a helmet; she had brass leggings to the knee, brass wire gauntlets to the elbow, a crimson spot on her tawny cheek, innumerable necklaces of glass beads on her neck; bizarre things, charms, gifts of witch-men, that hung about her, glittered and trembled at every step.
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless, indefinite as God—so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite, than be ingloriously dashed upon the lee, even if that were safety!
And still deeper the meaning of that story of Narcissus, who because he could not grasp the tormenting, mild image he saw in the fountain, plunged into it and was drowned.
As all partings foreshadow the great final one, so, empty rooms, bereft of a familiar presence, mournfully whisper what your room and what mine must one day be.
Pride is one of the seven deadly sins; but it can not be the pride of a mother in her children, for that is a compound of two cardinal virtues faith and hope.
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
The great trees, which had looked shrunken and bare in the earlier months, had now burst into strong life and health; and stretching forth their green arms over the thirsty ground, converted open and naked spots into choice nooks, where was a deep and pleasant shade from which to look upon the wide prospect, steeped in sunshine, which lay stretched beyond.
Be guided only by the healer of the sick, the raiser of the dead, the friend of all who were afflicted and forlorn, the patient Master who shed tears of compassion for our infirmities.
There is a drowsy state, between sleeping and waking, when you dream more in five minutes with your eyes half open, and yourself half conscious of everything that is passing around you, than you would in five nights with your eyes fast closed, and your senses wrapt in perfect unconsciousness.
And thus ever by day and night, under the sun and under the stars, climbing the dusty hills and toiling along the weary plains, journeying by land and journeying by sea, coming and going so strangely, to meet and to act and react on one another, move all we restless travellers through the pilgrimage of life.
THE PARSONAGE All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity, that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut.
He was there or was not there: not there if I didn’t see him.
Cecilia had, moreover, a turn for sarcasm, and her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a lurking scratch in it.
Good for Christmas-time is the ruddy colour of the cloak, in which—the tree making a forest of itself for her to trip through, with her basket—Little Red Riding-Hood comes to me one Christmas Eve to give me information of the cruelty and treachery of that dissembling Wolf who ate her grandmother, without making any impression on his appetite, and then ate her, after making that ferocious joke about his teeth.
Abnormal is so common, it's practically normal.
The sky was pure opal now, and the roofs of the houses glistened like silver against it.
One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
Soldiers don't complain, she would say between her small, shut teeth, I am not going to do it; I will pretend this is part of a war.
If there had been one person in that garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness even in that golden springtime air.
I remember your saying once that there is a fatality about good resolutions—that they are always made too late.
When I find that I am growing old, I shall kill myself.
I think the stupid people talk a great deal.
A man who moralises is usually a hypocrite, and a woman who moralises is invariably plain.
Only in mirrors should one look, for mirrors do but show us masks.
You can open for me the portals of death's house, for love is always with you, and love is stronger than death is.
It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us.
I hate people who talk about themselves, as you do, when one wants to talk about oneself, as I do.
He must discover the inevitable mixture of error and corruption, which she contracted in a long residence upon earth, among a weak and degenerate race of beings.
Meg observed it, but did not trouble herself to make inquiries, for she had learned that the best way to manage Jo was by the law of contraries, so she felt sure of being told everything if she did not ask.
Remember that, my dear, and think twice before you do anything.
All evils are to be considered with the good that is in them, and with what worse attends them.
I gazed awhile On her cold smile; Too cold too cold for me There passed, as a shroud, A fleecy cloud, And I turned away to thee, Proud Evening Star, In thy glory afar And dearer thy beam shall be; For joy to my heart Is the proud part Thou bearest in Heaven at night, And more I admire Thy distant fire, Than that colder, lowly light.
In the morning Manfred signed his abdication of the principality, with the approbation of Hippolita, and each took on them the habit of religion in the neighbouring convents.
Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or a silly action, for no other reason than because he knows he should not?
Follow your genius closely enough, and it will not fail to show you a fresh prospect every hour.
But from the very beginning, she continued, I felt there was no one as kind as you; no one who gave me reasons that I understood for doing what at first seemed so hard and unnecessary.
he said to himself, and laughed about it, and as he was saying it, he happened to glance at the river, and he also saw the river going downhill, always moving on downhill, and singing and being happy through it all.
I have always held, too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime; and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an armchair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone.
I am not a very good man, Effie, but I think that I am a better one than you have given me credit for being.
Even the best of us are thrown off sometimes.
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.
I think, sir, when God makes His presence felt through us, we are like the burning bush: Moses never took any heed what sort of bush it was—he only saw the brightness of the Lord.
Sane people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Continual intellectual study results in vanity and the false satisfaction of an undigested knowledge.
I do try to say, God's will be done, sir, said the Squire, looking up at Mr. Gibson for the first time, and speaking with more life in his voice; but it's harder to be resigned than happy people think.
She looked as if she was not attending to the conversation, but solely busy with the tea-cups, among which her round ivory hands moved with pretty, noiseless, daintiness.
Nevertheless, his moustachios are splendid.
I have had no youth no womanhood; the hopes of womanhood have closed for me for I shall never marry; and I anticipate cares and sorrows just as if I were an old woman, and with the same tearful spirit.
Whether we fall by ambition, blood, or lust, Like diamonds, we are cut with our own dust.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite.
Men Can counsel, and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel; but tasting it, Their counsel turns to passion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madness in a silken thread, Charm ache with air, and agony with words: No, no;'t is all men's office to speak patience To those that wring under the load of sorrow; But no man's virtue, nor sufficiency, To be so moral, when he shall endure The like himself.
But orderly to end where I begun, Our wills and fates do so contrary run That our devices still are overthrown.
To sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there’s the rub, For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause.
The next more easy; For use almost can change the stamp of nature, And either curb the devil, or throw him out With wondrous potency.
No, Cassius, for the eye sees not itself But by reflection, by some other thing.
XII When I do count the clock that tells the time, And see the brave day sunk in hideous night; When I behold the violet past prime, And sable curls, all silvered o’er with white; When lofty trees I see barren of leaves, Which erst from heat did canopy the herd, And summer’s green all girded up in sheaves, Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard, Then of thy beauty do I question make, That thou among the wastes of time must go, Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die as fast as they see others grow; And nothing’gainst Time’s scythe can make defence Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.
’Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
Come, let's away to prison: We two alone will sing like birds i'the cage: When thou dost ask me blessing, I'll kneel down, And ask of thee forgiveness: so we'll live, And pray, and sing, and tell old tales, and laugh At gilded butterflies, and hear poor rogues Talk of court news; and we'll talk with them too, Who loses, and who wins; who's in, who's out; And take upon's the mystery of things, As if we were God's spies: and we'll wear out, In a wall'd prison, packs and sets of great ones, That ebb and flow by the moon.
Now, Tybalt, take the‘villain’back again That late thou gav’st me, for Mercutio’s soul Is but a little way above our heads, Staying for thine to keep him company.
It may be taken for granted that, rash as the Americans usually are, when they are prudent there is good reason for it.
As I stood in my lonely bedroom at the hotel, trying to tie my white tie myself, it struck me for the first time that there must be whole squads of chappies in the world who had to get along without a man to look after them.
Beginning with a _critique_ of my own limbs, which she said, justly enough, were nothing to write home about, this girl went on to dissect my manners, morals, intellect, general physique, and method of eating asparagus with such acerbity that by the time she had finished the best you could say of Bertram was that, so far as was known, he had never actually committed murder or set fire to an orphan asylum.
Because women can do nothing except love, they've given it a ridiculous importance.
All men are mad in some way or the other; and inasmuch as you deal discreetly with your madmen, so deal with God's madmen, too the rest of the world.
There is not a single ill-doer who could not be turned to some good.
The passions may rage furiously, like true heathens, as they are; and the desires may imagine all sorts of vain things: but judgment shall still have the last word in every argument, and the casting vote in every decision.
Food and fire, protection and companionship, were some of the things he received from the god.
Had he fallen and dripped his brains upon the deck like honey from the comb, there would have been no loss to the world.
Hence it follows of necessity, that vast numbers of our people are compelled to seek their livelihood by begging, robbing, stealing, cheating, pimping, flattering, suborning, forswearing, forging, gaming, lying, fawning, hectoring, voting, scribbling, star-gazing, poisoning, whoring, canting, libelling, freethinking, and the like occupations: every one of which terms I was at much pains to make him understand.
The chief thing is to love others like yourself, that's the great thing, and that's everything; nothing else is wanted you will find out at once how to arrange it all.
Remember my words, for although I shall talk with you again, not only my days but my hours are numbered.
What a fool I was, said he, not to tear my heart out on the day when I resolved to avenge myself!
Joy to hearts which have suffered long is like the dew on the ground after a long drought; both the heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them, and nothing is outwardly apparent.
And this malady, which was Swann's love, had so far multiplied, was so closely interwoven with all his habits, with all his actions, with his thoughts, his health, his sleep, his life, even with what he hoped for after his death, was so entirely one with him that it would have been impossible to wrest it away without almost entirely destroying him; as surgeons say, his case was past operation.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
Nobody could stand an eternity of heaven.
I had been tricked once by that cheat called love, but the game was over; I was resolved now to be married or nothing, and to be well married or not at all.
The reflection steadied his voice as he asked, between pity and irony: Isn't it natural that I should try to belittle all the things I can't offer you?
One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, can not be trusted to move at any recognized pace.
But there is a fatality, a feeling so irresistible and inevitable that it has the force of doom, which almost invariably compels human beings to linger around and haunt, ghost-like, the spot where some great and marked event has given the color to their lifetime; and still the more irresistibly, the darker the tinge that saddens it.
The Past is the text-book of tyrants; the Future the Bible of the Free.
Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
But humanity never gets beyond the caterpillar stageâit rots in the chrysalis, it never will have wings.
If you want to slip into a round hole, you must make a ball of yourself; that’s where it is.
We bent to raise the Golden One to their feet, but when we touched them, it was as if madness had stricken us.
He felt a great pity for Aunt Louisa, and he loved her suddenly because she loved him.
Man's desire for the approval of his fellows is so strong, his dread of their censure so violent, that he himself has brought his enemy within his gates; and it keeps watch over him, vigilant always in the interests of its master to crush any half-formed desire to break away from the herd.
We do not hear that Memnon’s statue gave forth its melody at all under the rushing of the mightiest wind, or in response to any other influence divine or human than certain short-lived sunbeams of morning; and we must learn to accommodate ourselves to the discovery that some of those cunningly fashioned instruments called human souls have only a very limited range of music, and will not vibrate in the least under a touch that fills others with tremulous rapture or quivering agony.
Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
But’tis strange: And oftentimes to win us to our harm, The instruments of darkness tell us truths; Win us with honest trifles, to betray’s In deepest consequence.— Cousins, a word, I pray you.
This is too long.
Let me have men about me that are fat, Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep a-nights: Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
Ready to go, but never to return.
You will observe that the stories told are all about money-seekers, not about money-finders.
I, measuring his affections by my own, Which then most sought where most might not be found, Being one too many by my weary self, Pursu’d my humour, not pursuing his, And gladly shunn’d who gladly fled from me.
I will roar that I will do any man’s heart good to hear me.
Live all you can; it’s a mistake not to.
They are but beggars that can count their worth; But my true love is grown to such excess, I can not sum up sum of half my wealth.
It is the first changes among familiar things that make such a mystery of time to the young, afterwards we lose the sense of the mysterious.
All that he gained for his sixpenny omnibus ride, was a more vivid conviction that there never was, never could be, any one like Margaret; that she did not love him and never would; but that she no!
You would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little organ, yet can not you make it speak.
Alas, poor country, Almost afraid to know itself!
Ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Relent, sweet Hermia; and, Lysander, yield Thy crazed title to my certain right.
Her clothes spread wide, And mermaid-like, awhile they bore her up, Which time she chaunted snatches of old tunes, As one incapable of her own distress, Or like a creature native and indued Unto that element.
He had killed man, the noblest game of all, and he had killed in the face of the law of club and fang.
The onlookers laughed uproariously, and he felt ashamed, he knew not why, for it was his first snow.
Her training warned her of peril and of wrong, subtle, mysterious, luring; while her instincts rang clarion-voiced through her being, impelling her to hurdle caste and place and gain to this traveller from another world, to this uncouth young fellow with lacerated hands and a line of raw red caused by the unaccustomed linen at his throat, who, all too evidently, was soiled and tainted by ungracious existence.
KING Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end, then stop.
The clocks were striking midnight and the rooms were very still as a figure glided quietly from bed to bed, smoothing a coverlet here, settling a pillow there, and pausing to look long and tenderly at each unconscious face, to kiss each with lips that mutely blessed, and to pray the fervent prayers which only mothers utter.
Go out more, keep cheerful as well as busy, for you are the sunshine-maker of the family, and if you get dismal there is no fair weather.
The army is the only order of men sufficiently united to concur in the same sentiments, and powerful enough to impose them on the rest of their fellow-citizens; but the temper of soldiers, habituated at once to violence and to slavery, renders them very unfit guardians of a legal, or even a civil constitution.
Oh, gentlemen, do you know, perhaps I consider myself an intelligent man, only because all my life I have been able neither to begin nor to finish anything.
His name is lost, indeed, but the breath he breathed still stirs the pine-tops on the mountains, the sound of the words he spoke yet echoes on through space; the thoughts his brain gave birth to we have inherited to-day; his passions are our cause of life; the joys and sorrows that he knew are our familiar friends—the end from which he fled aghast will surely overtake us also!
I suddenly felt that it was all the same to me whether the world existed or whether there had never been anything at all: I began to feel with all my being that there was _nothing existing_.
Good‐by, Katerina Ivanovna; you can’t be angry with me, for I am a hundred times more severely punished than you, if only by the fact that I shall never see you again.
Then the slim little wife of a husband whose person was disagreeable to her, the ethereal, fine-nerved, sensitive girl, quite unfitted by temperament and instinct to fulfil the conditions of the matrimonial relation with Phillotson, possibly with scarce any man, walked fitfully along, and panted, and brought weariness into her eyes by gazing and worrying hopelessly.
Women are so strange in their influence that they tempt you to misplaced kindness.
To have lost is less disturbing than to wonder if we may possibly have won; and Eustacia could now, like other people at such a stage, take a standing-point outside herself, observe herself as a disinterested spectator, and think what a sport for Heaven this woman Eustacia was.
An intermediate body set up between the subjects and the Sovereign, to secure their mutual correspondence, charged with the execution of the laws and the maintenance of liberty, both civil and political.
Nevertheless so profound is our ignorance, and so high our presumption, that we marvel when we hear of the extinction of an organic being; and as we do not see the cause, we invoke cataclysms to desolate the world, or invent laws on the duration of the forms of life!
Her experience had been of a kind to teach her, rightly or wrongly, that the doubtful honour of a brief transit through a sorry world hardly called for effusiveness, even when the path was suddenly irradiated at some half-way point by daybeams rich as hers.
And the thought of being engaged to a girl who talked openly about fairies being born because stars blew their noses, or whatever it was, frankly appalled me.
Now India is a place beyond all others where one must not take things too seriously the midday sun always excepted.
When we see that almost everything men devote their lives to attain, sparing no effort and encountering a thousand toils and dangers in the process, has, in the end, no further object than to raise themselves in the estimation of others; when we see that not only offices, titles, decorations, but also wealth, nay, even knowledge1 and art, are striven for only to obtain, as the ultimate goal of all effort, greater respect from one's fellowmen, is not this a lamentable proof of the extent to which human folly can go?
Do you think that the things people make fools of themselves about are any less real and true than the things they behave sensibly about?
As the man looks back to the days of his childhood and his youth, and recalls to his mind the strange notions and false opinions that swayed his actions at that time, that he may wonder at them; so should society, for its edification, look back to the opinions which governed the ages fled.
It was Silver’s voice, and before I had heard a dozen words, I would not have shown myself for all the world, but lay there, trembling and listening, in the extreme of fear and curiosity, for from these dozen words I understood that the lives of all the honest men aboard depended upon me alone.
With character, Trot with strength of character that is not to be influenced, except on good reason, by anybody, or by anything.
Where’s the use of looking nice, when no one sees me but those cross midgets, and no one cares whether I’m pretty or not?
There is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty; and there is nothing it professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth!
Let them but once clearly perceive that its grand principle is to make business for itself at their expense, and surely they will cease to grumble.
The red rose heard it, and it trembled all over with ecstasy, and opened its petals to the cold morning air.
Each man lived his own life and paid his own price for living it.
Do you know I am afraid that good people do a great deal of harm in this world.
‘No one is useless in this world,’retorted the Secretary,‘who lightens the burden of it for any one else.’‘But I assure you I DON’T, Mr Rokesmith,’said Bella, half-crying.
He had never known before the strength of the want in his heart for the frequent recognition of a nod, a look, a word; or the immense amount of relief that had been poured into it by drops through such small means.
In a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
I am but too conscious of the fact that we are born in an age when only the dull are treated seriously, and I live in terror of not being misunderstood.
Lord Illingworth told me this morning that there was an orchid there as beautiful as the seven deadly sins.
Old father, old artificer, stand me now and ever in good stead.
He wanted to meet in the real world the unsubstantial image which his soul so constantly beheld.
It’s a patent absurdity on the face of it to hate people because they live round the corner and speak another vernacular, in the next house so to speak.
So we stood hand in hand, like two children, and there was peace in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us.
It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable.
Because it is my desire.
He is not to be apprehended by reason, but by life, said the Mason.
Indeed, ask every man separately whether he thinks it laudable and worthy of a man of this age to hold a position from which he receives a salary disproportionate to his work; to take from the people often in poverty taxes to be spent on constructing cannon, torpedoes, and other instruments of butchery, so as to make war on people with whom we wish to be at peace, and who feel the same wish in regard to us; or to receive a salary for devoting one's whole life to constructing these instruments of butchery, or to preparing oneself and others for the work of murder.
men have become the tools of their tools.
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores, the foreign faces, the changing immensity of life, glide past, veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself, which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny.
How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
These companions and he laid his hand on some of the books have been good friends to me, and for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure.
Jane, you please me, and you master me—you seem to submit, and I like the sense of pliancy you impart; and while I am twining the soft, silken skein round my finger, it sends a thrill up my arm to my heart.
When his first-born was put into his arms, he could see that the boy had inherited his own eyes, as they once were—large, brilliant, and black.
As yet I had spoken to no one, nor did anybody seem to take notice of me; I stood lonely enough: but to that feeling of isolation I was accustomed; it did not oppress me much.
Strange that grief should now almost choke me, because another human being's eye has failed to greet mine.
I think, scathed as you look, and charred and scorched, there must be a little sense of life in you yet, rising out of that adhesion at the faithful, honest roots: you will never have green leaves more—never more see birds making nests and singing idyls in your boughs; the time of pleasure and love is over with you: but you are not desolate: each of you has a comrade to sympathise with him in his decay.
To this crib I always took my doll; human beings must love something, and, in the dearth of worthier objects of affection, I contrived to find a pleasure in loving and cherishing a faded graven image, shabby as a miniature scarecrow.
At this period of my life, my heart far oftener swelled with thankfulness than sank with dejection: and yet, reader, to tell you all, in the midst of this calm, this useful existence—after a day passed in honourable exertion amongst my scholars, an evening spent in drawing or reading contentedly alone—I used to rush into strange dreams at night: dreams many-coloured, agitated, full of the ideal, the stirring, the stormy—dreams where, amidst unusual scenes, charged with adventure, with agitating risk and romantic chance, I still again and again met Mr. Rochester, always at some exciting crisis; and then the sense of being in his arms, hearing his voice, meeting his eye, touching his hand and cheek, loving him, being loved by him—the hope of passing a lifetime at his side, would be renewed, with all its first force and fire.
To speak of these things and to try to understand their nature and, having understood it, to try slowly and humbly and constantly to express, to press out again, from the gross earth or what it brings forth, from sound and shape and colour which are the prison gates of our soul, an image of the beauty we have come to understand—that is art.
It's sometimes quite astonishing that a single, average life is enough to encompass so much that it's at all possible ever to have any success in one's work here.
In woman’s womb word is made flesh but in the spirit of the maker all flesh that passes becomes the word that shall not pass away.
Success for us is the death of the intellect and of the imagination.
In the dark night, across the bleak wilderness guide us on to our Lord Jesus, guide us home._ His eyes were dimmed with tears and, looking humbly up to heaven, he wept for the innocence he had lost.
—A shout in the street, Stephen answered, shrugging his shoulders.
God is always the last resource.
My heart is heavy with the things that I do not understand.
There are many foolish people in the world and when a man in a rather high position puts on no frills, slaps them on the back, and tells them he'll do anything in the world for them, they are very likely to think him clever.
Kitty knew too well that she had done nothing to beget her father's affection, he had never counted in the house and had been taken for granted, the bread-winner who was a little despised because he could provide no more luxuriously for his family; but she had taken for granted that he loved her just because he was her father, and it was a shock to discover that his heart was empty of feeling for her.
To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults.
He vaguely desired to walk around and around the body and stare; the impulse of the living to try to read in dead eyes the answer to the Question.
And the greatest of these is freedom.
You who are in power have only the means that money produces—we who are in expectation, have those which devotion prompts.
There are some situations which men understand by instinct, but which reason is powerless to explain; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow.
All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.
But I tell you—and you may mark my words—you will come some day to a craggy pass in the channel, where the whole of life’s stream will be broken up into whirl and tumult, foam and noise: either you will be dashed to atoms on crag points, or lifted up and borne on by some master-wave into a calmer current—as I am now.
He liked to see them as silly, as light-headed, as vain, as open to ridicule as possible, because they were then in reality what he held them to be, and wished them to be inferior, toys to play with, to amuse a vacant hour, and to be thrown away.
You have both sentiments yet to experience: your soul sleeps; the shock is yet to be given which shall waken it.
She never let people forget what she had done for them—and, that way she missed love.
You gave me my first glimpse of a real life, and at the same moment you asked me to go on with a sham one.
But at sunset the clouds gathered again, bringing an earlier night, and the snow began to fall straight and steadily from a sky without wind, in a soft universal diffusion more confusing than the gusts and eddies of the morning.
Outside it, in the scene of his actual life, he moved with a growing sense of unreality and insufficiency, blundering against familiar prejudices and traditional points of view as an absent-minded man goes on bumping into the furniture of his own room.
I was just a screw or a cog in the great machine I called life, and when I dropped out of it I found I was of no use anywhere else.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who in the world am I?
We find that whole communities suddenly fix their minds upon one object, and go mad in its pursuit; that millions of people become simultaneously impressed with one delusion, and run after it, till their attention is caught by some new folly more captivating than the first.
Society never made the preposterous demand that a man should think as much about his own qualifications for making a charming girl happy as he thinks of hers for making himself happy.
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it, —if it were not the earth where the same flowers come up again every spring that we used to gather with our tiny fingers as we sat lisping to ourselves on the grass; the same hips and haws on the autumn’s hedgerows; the same redbreasts that we used to call God’s birds, because they did no harm to the precious crops.
I am not a monster, but I have not felt exactly what other women feel—or say they feel, for fear of being thought unlike others.
Jem replied with equal excitement And if you dare to injure her in the least, I will await you where no policeman can step in between.
But now, in this real great time of reasonable fear and nearness of terror, she forgot herself, and felt only an intense sympathy intense to painfulness in the interests of the moment.
He seems to have declared war on the King’s English as well as on the English king.
After ordering and consuming a light supper of sucking pig, he undressed, plunged beneath the bedclothes, and sank into the profound slumber which comes only to such fortunate folk as are troubled neither with mosquitoes nor fleas nor excessive activity of brain.
One day is enough for a man to know all happiness.
That's what I look at some people for.
She is always starving for new books to gobble, and she wants grown-up books great, big, fat ones French and German as well as English history and biography and poets, and all sorts of things.
I am tired to death of myself; I would give all I possess to get out of myself; but somehow, at the end, I find myself so vastly more interesting than nine tenths of the people I meet.
I wish mine eyes Would, with themselves, shut up my thoughts: I find They are inclined to do so.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we’ll not fail.
What, ho!
Deny thy father and refuse thy name.
We find, in all these records of the past, philosophies and dreams, and efforts stained with tears, of great and tender souls who tried to pierce the mystery of life and death, to answer the eternal questions of the Whence and Whither, and vainly sought to make, with bits of shattered glass, a mirror that would, in very truth, reflect the face and form of Nature's perfect self.
From the dim regions beyond the mountains at the upper end of our encircled domain, there crept out a narrow and deep river, brighter than all save the eyes of Eleonora; and, winding stealthily about in mazy courses, it passed away, at length, through a shadowy gorge, among hills still dimmer than those whence it had issued.
Over the Mountains Of the Moon, 20 Down the Valley of the Shadow, Ride, boldly ride, The shade replied, If you seek for Eldorado!
They had lived for a while in the very heart of poetry.
Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions a walk, a talk, solitude in one's own orchard can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind.
There are some books that _live_, she mused.
Because I am afraid of him, said Syme; and no man should leave in the universe anything of which he is afraid.
Yes, as every one knows, meditation and water are wedded for ever.
Nothing so aggravates an earnest person as a passive resistance.
It rather proceeds from a certain hopelessness of remedying excessive and organic ill. To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
We should come home from far, from adventures, and perils, and discoveries every day, with new experience and character.
I had three pieces of limestone on my desk, but I was terrified to find that they required to be dusted daily, when the furniture of my mind was all undusted still, and I threw them out the window in disgust.
A man who will enslave his own blood, may not be safely relied on for magnanimity.
Envy, and pride, and avarice, even these Are the three sparks have set all hearts on fire.'
But my needs is as great as the most deserving widow’s that ever got money out of six different charities in one week for the death of the same husband.
We are ashamed of everything that is real about us; ashamed of ourselves, of our relatives, of our incomes, of our accents, of our opinions, of our experience, just as we are ashamed of our naked skins.
More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn’t read.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it.
The fact that God loves man shows us that in the divine order of ideal things it is written that eternal love is to be given to what is eternally unworthy.
It is only by language that we rise above them, or above each other—by language, which is the parent, and not the child, of thought.
Then I am sorry I did not stay away longer.
To test reality we must see it on the tight rope.
It is when we are wounded by our own hands, or by the hands of others, that love should come to cure us—else what use is love at all?
It was true that as one watched life in its curious crucible of pain and pleasure, one could not wear over one’s face a mask of glass, nor keep the sulphurous fumes from troubling the brain and making the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and misshapen dreams.
I have known several Jacks, and they all, without exception, were more than usually plain.
To my own knowledge she has been thirty-five ever since she arrived at the age of forty, which was many years ago now.
I tremble with pleasure when I think that on the very day of my leaving prison both the laburnum and the lilac will be blooming in the gardens, and that I shall see the wind stir into restless beauty the swaying gold of the one, and make the other toss the pale purple of its plumes, so that all the air shall be Arabia for me.
GUIDO Ask of the sea-bird if it loves the sea, Ask of the roses if they love the rain, Ask of the little lark, that will not sing Till day break, if it loves to see the day: — And yet, these are but empty images, Mere shadows of my love, which is a fire So great that all the waters of the main Can not avail to quench it.
The long black nights, when the moon hides her face, when the stars are afraid, are not so black.
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
Do not speak slightingly of the three-volume novel, Cecily.
The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks like a happy married life.
Each of us has heaven and hell in him, Basil, cried Dorian with a wild gesture of despair.
The ancient poets animated all sensible objects with Gods or Geniuses, calling them by the names and adorning them with properties of woods, rivers, mountains, lakes, cities, nations, and whatever their enlarged and numerous senses could perceive.
Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
She had learnt the lesson of renunciation, and was as familiar with the wreck of each day’s wishes as with the diurnal setting of the sun.
Thoroughly convinced of the impossibility of his own suit, a high resolve constrained him not to injure that of another.
I mean I have not felt about them as most women are taught to feel—to be on their guard against attacks on their virtue; for no average man—no man short of a sensual savage—will molest a woman by day or night, at home or abroad, unless she invites him.
As you got older, and felt yourself to be at the centre of your time, and not at a point in its circumference, as you had felt when you were little, you were seized with a sort of shuddering, he perceived.
Whatever question arose, a swarm of these drones, without having finished their buzzing on a previous theme, flew over to the new one and by their hum drowned and obscured the voices of those who were disputing honestly.
We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live forever, there, in the Whole, said Pierre, and he pointed to the sky.
Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
No man lives, can live, without having _some_ object in view, and making efforts to attain that object.
You're all the things that I see in a sunset when I'm driving in from the country, the things that I like but can't make poetry of.
But, to see it, he must have overleaped at a bound the artificial barriers he had for many years been erecting, between himself and all those subtle essences of humanity which will elude the utmost cunning of algebra until the last trumpet ever to be sounded shall blow even algebra to wreck.
She carried her sorrowful head as though she were proud of that sorrow, as though she would say,‘I—I alone know how to mourn for him as he deserves.’But while we were still shaking hands, such a look of awful desolation came upon her face that I perceived she was one of those creatures that are not the playthings of Time.
It made me hold my breath in expectation of hearing the wilderness burst into a prodigious peal of laughter that would shake the fixed stars in their places.
You may not understand why He leads you now in this way and now in that, but you may, nay, you must believe that perfection is stamped on His every act.
I have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, I have no doubt, said Estella, and of course if it ceased to beat I should cease to be.
His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul.
A wild angel had appeared to him, the angel of mortal youth and beauty, an envoy from the fair courts of life, to throw open before him in an instant of ecstasy the gates of all the ways of error and glory.
The facts of life took on a fiercer aspect; and while he faced that aspect uncowed, he faced it with all the latent cunning of his nature aroused.
Providence had meditated better things for me than I could possibly imagine for myself.
Why is it that when you awake to the world of realities you nearly always feel, sometimes very vividly, that the vanished dream has carried with it some enigma which you have failed to solve?
She lived a good deal by herself, to herself, working, passing on from day to day, and always thinking, trying to lay hold on life, to grasp it in her own understanding.
The _thing itself_ is the essence of all abuse!
I’m happy as a cricket here, answered Jo.
Strength and beauty must go together.
He seems to me to have betrayed unconsciously, and so early, that timid despair which leads so many in our unhappy society, who dread cynicism and its corrupting influences, and mistakenly attribute all the mischief to European enlightenment, to return to their‘native soil,’as they say, to the bosom, so to speak, of their mother earth, like frightened children, yearning to fall asleep on the withered bosom of their decrepit mother, and to sleep there for ever, only to escape the horrors that terrify them.
There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
She looked at him, and oh, the weariness to her, of the effort to understand another language, the weariness of hearing him, attending to him, making out who he was, as he stood there fair-bearded and alien, looking at her.
That’s how women are with me, said Paul.
It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm.
I have ever found them the meanest and basest, the most cruel and cowardly, of all others.
Age is no better, hardly so well, qualified for an instructor as youth, for it has not profited so much as it has lost.
No man ever stood the lower in my estimation for having a patch in his clothes; yet I am sure that there is greater anxiety, commonly, to have fashionable, or at least clean and unpatched clothes, than to have a sound conscience.
or, in the triumph of the crowded procession, have the helpless been trampled on, instead of being gently lifted aside out of the roadway of the conqueror, whom they have no power to accompany on his march?
She was so tired, so stunned, that she thought she never slept at all; her feverish thoughts passed and repassed the boundary between sleeping and waking, and kept their own miserable identity.
She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession.
In music one can hear everything, said Nikolay quietly.
And I shall go on talking, in a low voice while the sea sounds in the distance and overhead the great black flood of wind polishes the bright stars.
We are all so afraid, we are all so alone, we all so need from the outside the assurance of our own worthiness to exist.
She struck the notes with aplomb, and ran from top to bottom of the keyboard without a break.
To have a full stomach, to doze lazily in the sunshine—such things were remuneration in full for his ardours and toils, while his ardours and tolls were in themselves self-remunerative.
The master was an old Turtle we used to call him tortoise ALICE Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?
He shall live to run with the Pack and to hunt with the Pack; and in the end, look you, hunter of little naked cubs frog-eater fish-killer he shall hunt thee!
—The sacred pint alone can unbind the tongue of Dedalus, he said.
I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces so full of stupid importance.
Nevertheless, there can be but few of us who had never known one of these rare moments of awakening when we see, hear, understand ever so much everything in a flash before we fall back again into our agreeable somnolence.
A writing may be lost; a lie may be written; but what the eye has seen is truth and remains in the mind!  I remember,  said the white man, quietly.
Now, after what he had heard from el-Tadhil, he began to fear whether in the presence of far greater events, all his acts would not fade into insignificance, just as a drop of rain disappears in the sea.
she concluded with the wisdom invariably shewn by people who, not being in love themselves, feel that a clever man ought to be unhappy only about such persons as are worth his while; which is rather like being astonished that anyone should condescend to die of cholera at the bidding of so insignificant a creature as the common bacillus.
And once the novelist has brought us to that state, in which, as in all purely mental states, every emotion is multiplied ten-fold, into which his book comes to disturb us as might a dream, but a dream more lucid, and of a more lasting impression than those which come to us in sleep; why, then, for the space of an hour he sets free within us all the joys and sorrows in the world, a few of which, only, we should have to spend years of our actual life in getting to know, and the keenest, the most intense of which would never have been revealed to us because the slow course of their development stops our perception of them.
God help thee, old man, thy thoughts have created a creature in thee; and he whose intense thinking thus makes him a Prometheus; a vulture feeds upon that heart for ever; that vulture the very creature he creates.
Because no man can ever feel his own identity aright except his eyes be closed; as if darkness were indeed the proper element of our essences, though light be more congenial to our clayey part.
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
It eats music and pictures and books and mountains and lakes and beautiful things to wear and nice people to be with.
My brother asked the birds to forgive him; that sounds senseless, but it is right; for all is like an ocean, all is flowing and blending; a touch in one place sets up movement at the other end of the earth.
I have got to make everything that has happened to me good for me.
It is pleasant to sit in the green wood, and to watch the Sun in his chariot of gold, and the Moon in her chariot of pearl.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
I have nothing to make me miserable, she said, getting calmer; but can you understand that everything has become hateful, loathsome, coarse to me, and I myself most of all?
It was clear that everything considered important and good was insignificant and repulsive, and that all the glamour and luxury hid the old, well-known crimes, which not only remained unpunished but were adorned with all the splendour which men were capable of inventing.
That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.
It is a passive feeling capable of being roused for any object, as the vine can grow on any tree; and the wisdom of the world recognises its strength when it urges a girl to marry the man who wants her with the assurance that love will follow.
No; I imagine, joking apart, that to know love, one must make mistakes and then correct them, said Princess Betsy.
Well, does not this tell you that in grief, as in life, there is always something to look forward to beyond?
Between them a spark passed which was not afterwards to be extinguished, though neither of them knew the moment of its kindling, and Mount Dunstan slightly frowned.
Always wanting another man than your own.
Her narrow and supple waist, which a hand may clasp around, sets forth the outline of her rounded figure and the beauty of her bosom, where youth in its flower displays the wealth of its treasures; and beneath the silken folds of her tunic she seems to have been modelled in pure silver by the godlike hand of Vicvarcarma, the immortal sculptor.
The soul forms its own horizons; your soul is darkened, and consequently the sky of the future appears stormy and unpromising.
I know not what to call this, nor will I urge that it is a secret overruling decree, that hurries us on to be the instruments of our own destruction, even though it be before us, and that we rush upon it with our eyes open.
But it was otherwise directed; and it may not be amiss for all people who shall meet with my story to make this just observation from it: How frequently, in the course of our lives, the evil which in itself we seek most to shun, and which, when we are fallen into, is the most dreadful to us, is oftentimes the very means or door of our deliverance, by which alone we can be raised again from the affliction we are fallen into.
And then there stole into my fancy, like a rich musical note, the thought of what sweet rest there must be in the grave.
I was forced to fall back upon the unsatisfactory conclusion, that while, beyond doubt, there _are_ combinations of very simple natural objects which have the power of thus affecting us, still the analysis of this power lies among considerations beyond our depth.
Well, I think we are.
Adieu, my lord, I have a speech of fire, that fain would blaze, But that this folly douts it.
