I do not, therefore, obey its laws, and I desire you never to allude to them before me again!
He who is mistaken in an action which he sincerely believes to be right may be an enemy, but retains our esteem.
Time enough to think of the future when you haven’t any future to think of.
Equal numbers in the sexes are quite compatible with a change of partners every day or every hour Physically there is nothing to distinguish human society from the farm-yard except that children are more troublesome and costly than chickens and calves, and that men and women are not so completely enslaved as farm stock.
He was a fine, tall, slim young fellow of eighteen or twenty, with black eyes, and hair as dark as a raven’s wing; and his whole appearance bespoke that calmness and resolution peculiar to men accustomed from their cradle to contend with danger.
Be philosophers, as I am, gentlemen; sit down at the table and let us drink.
There is nothing more galling to angry people than the coolness of those on whom they wish to vent their spleen.
No, Maximilian, I am not offended, answered she, but do you not see what a poor, helpless being I am, almost a stranger and an outcast in my father’s house, where even he is seldom seen; whose will has been thwarted, and spirits broken, from the age of ten years, beneath the iron rod so sternly held over me; oppressed, mortified, and persecuted, day by day, hour by hour, minute by minute, no person has cared for, even observed my sufferings, nor have I ever breathed one word on the subject save to yourself.
Yes; I am a supercargo; pen, ink, and paper are my tools, and without my tools I am fit for nothing.
Life will bring you many misfortunes, but you will find your happiness in them, and will bless life and will make others bless it—which is what matters most.
The righteous man departs, but his light remains.
One of the beauties of Jungle Law is that punishment settles all scores.
He asked himself dully whether whenever you got your way you wished afterwards that you hadn’t.
But he was upheld by the excitement; it seemed to make life a more thrilling adventure; and in a little while the stick which he had thrown aside, the cloak which had fallen from his shoulders, seemed an intolerable burden of which he had been eased.
And then, all of a sudden you can't stand it any more, and you notice that all the time your feet have been walking in the mud.
He once called her his basil plant; and when she asked for an explanation, said that basil was a plant which had flourished wonderfully on a murdered man’s brains.
Let a prejudice be bequeathed, carried in the air, adopted by hearsay, caught in through the eye, —however it may come, these minds will give it a habitation; it is something to assert strongly and bravely, something to fill up the void of spontaneous ideas, something to impose on others with the authority of conscious right; it is at once a staff and a baton.
And the man of maxims is the popular representative of the minds that are guided in their moral judgment solely by general rules, thinking that these will lead them to justice by a ready-made patent method, without the trouble of exerting patience, discrimination, impartiality, —without any care to assure themselves whether they have the insight that comes from a hardly earned estimate of temptation, or from a life vivid and intense enough to have created a wide fellow-feeling with all that is human.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive.
Passion is of the nature of seed, and finds nourishment within, tending to a predominance which determines all currents toward itself, and makes the whole life its tributary.
What right have such men to represent Christianity—as if it were an institution for getting up idiots genteelly—as if— Mary checked herself.
We judge from our own desires, and our neighbors themselves are not always open enough even to throw out a hint of theirs.
Certainly these men who had so few spontaneous ideas might be very useful members of society under good feminine direction, if they were fortunate in choosing their sisters-in-law!
Surely there was something being taught her by this experience of great need; and she must be learning a secret of human tenderness and long-suffering, that the less erring could hardly know?
Give your little girl a kiss Because she learned and told you this.
As I turned away I saw Holmes, with his back against a rock and his arms folded, gazing down at the rush of the waters.
I began to perceive more deeply than it has ever yet been stated, the trembling immateriality, the mistlike transience, of this seemingly so solid body in which we walk attired.
Now, Mr. David, they talk a great deal of charity and generosity; but in this disputable state of life, I often think the happiest consequences seem to flow when a gentleman consults his lawyer, and takes all the law allows him.
After all, I reflected, I was like my neighbours; and then I smiled, comparing myself with other men, comparing my active good-will with the lazy cruelty of their neglect.
Between Silver and myself we got together in a few days a company of the toughest old salts imaginable not pretty to look at, but fellows, by their faces, of the most indomitable spirit.
They are, for the most part, engaged in poisoning the minds of the young, prejudicing children against science, teaching the astronomy and geology of the bible, and inducing all to desert the sublime standard of reason.
Englishmen rarely cry, except under the pressure of the acutest grief; whereas in some parts of the Continent the men shed tears much more readily and freely.
Has it ever happened to you, Leon went on, to come across some vague idea of one’s own in a book, some dim image that comes back to you from afar, and as the completest expression of your own slightest sentiment?
But she her life was cold as a garret whose dormer window looks on the north, and ennui, the silent spider, was weaving its web in the darkness in every corner of her heart.
I’d overlooked them; I give you full credit for the discovery, I crawl, I grovel, my name is Watson, and you need not say what you were just going to say, because I admit it all.
She had large eyes which were not bright, and a great deal of hair which was not dressed, and long fine hands which were possibly not clean.
The Zangiacomo band was not making music; it was simply murdering silence with a vulgar, ferocious energy.
We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends those whom we obey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the most free, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties, even those for whom home holds no dear face, no familiar voice, even they have to meet the spirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in its valleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its trees a mute friend, judge, and inspirer.
If a young woman once thinks herself handsome, she never doubts the truth of any man that tells her he is in love with her; for if she believes herself charming enough to captivate him,’tis natural to expect the effects of it.
Of course, government in general, any government anywhere, is a thing of exquisite comicality to a discerning mind; but really we Spanish-Americans do overstep the bounds.
To the sentiment of being alone of ones kind, to the clear perception of the loneliness of ones thoughts, of ones sensations to the negation of the habitual, which is safe, there is added the affirmation of the unusual, which is dangerous; a suggestion of things vague, uncontrollable, and repulsive, whose discomposing intrusion excites the imagination and tries the civilized nerves of the foolish and the wise alike.
His instinct of a successful man had taught him long ago that, as a general rule, a reputation is built on manner as much as on achievement.
But there are more kinds of fools than one can guard against.
It was not my strength that wanted nursing, it was my imagination that wanted soothing.
For the use of reason is to justify the obscure desires that move our conduct, impulses, passions, prejudices, and follies, and also our fears.
The fear thou art in, Sancho, said Don Quixote, prevents thee from seeing or hearing correctly, for one of the effects of fear is to derange the senses and make things appear different from what they are; if thou art in such fear, withdraw to one side and leave me to myself, for alone I suffice to bring victory to that side to which I shall give my aid; and so saying he gave Rocinante the spur, and putting the lance in rest, shot down the slope like a thunderbolt.
The day that I see her a countess, replied Teresa, it will be the same to me as if I was burying her; but once more I say do as you please, for we women are born to this burden of being obedient to our husbands, though they be dogs; and with this she began to weep in earnest, as if she already saw Sanchica dead and buried.
Such as are in immediate fear of a losing their estates, of banishment, or of slavery, live in perpetual anguish, and lose all appetite and repose; whereas such as are actually poor, slaves, or exiles, ofttimes live as merrily as other folk.
But thus it often is, that the constant friction of illiberal minds wears out at last the best resolves of the more generous.
Thou saw’st the murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed on unharmed—while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.
But here I may err, because of my own consciousness I can not identify in myself I mean in the memory of my whole foregoing life, I say, I can not identify that thing which is called happiness; that thing whose token is a laugh, or a smile, or a silent serenity on the lip.
But vain to popularize profundities, and all truth is profound.
The envious billows sidelong swell to whelm my track; let them; but first I pass.
Men may seem detestable as joint stock-companies and nations; knaves, fools, and murderers there may be; men may have mean and meagre faces; but man, in the ideal, is so noble and so sparkling, such a grand and glowing creature, that over any ignominious blemish in him all his fellows should run to throw their costliest robes.
However, a good laugh is a mighty good thing, and rather too scarce a good thing; the more’s the pity.
Seldom have I known any profound being that had anything to say to this world, unless forced to stammer out something by way of getting a living.
With the landless gull, that at sunset folds her wings and is rocked to sleep between billows; so at nightfall, the Nantucketer, out of sight of land, furls his sails, and lays him to his rest, while under his very pillow rush herds of walruses and whales.
M. Myriel had to undergo the fate of every newcomer in a little town, where there are many mouths which talk, and very few heads which think.
He added, Knowledge is a weight added to conscience.
That evening, before he went to bed, he said again: Let us never fear robbers nor murderers.
He said, moreover, Teach those who are ignorant as many things as possible; society is culpable, in that it does not afford instruction gratis; it is responsible for the night which it produces.
No mean brick shall be a specimen of the building of my palace.
So the arrangements went on: and Captain Lennox came, and with him news of Edith and the little boy; and Margaret found that the indifferent, careless conversation of one who, however kind, was not too warm and anxious a sympathiser, did her good.
I only mean, Bessy, there’s good and bad in everything in this world; and as you felt the bad up here, I thought it was but fair you should know the bad down there.
Now, the error which many parents commit in the treatment of the individual at this time is, insisting on the same unreasoning obedience as when all he had to do in the way of duty was, to obey the simple laws of‘Come when you’re called,’and‘Do as you’re bid!’But a wise parent humours the desire for independent action, so as to become the friend and adviser when his absolute rule shall cease.
Nature felt no change and was ever young.
With a bound, the sun of a molten fiery red came above the horizon, and immediately thousands of little birds sang out for joy, and a soft chorus of mysterious, glad murmurs came forth from the earth; the low whispering wind left its hiding-place among the clefts and hollows of the hills, and wandered among the rustling herbs and trees, waking the flower-buds to the life of another day.
But, surely, if the mind is too long directed to one object only, it will get stiff and rigid, and unable to take in many interests, said Margaret.
But they value common sense without talking about it, and often without knowing it.
Don’t believe those lies about intellectual people.
Opium is not so stupefying to many persons as an afternoon sermon.
His majesty, in another audience, was at the pains to recapitulate the sum of all I had spoken; compared the questions he made with the answers I had given; then taking me into his hands, and stroking me gently, delivered himself in these words, which I shall never forget, nor the manner he spoke them in: My little friend Grildrig, you have made a most admirable panegyric upon your country; you have clearly proved, that ignorance, idleness, and vice, are the proper ingredients for qualifying a legislator; that laws are best explained, interpreted, and applied, by those whose interest and abilities lie in perverting, confounding, and eluding them.
I had no occasion of bribing, flattering, or pimping, to procure the favour of any great man, or of his minion; I wanted no fence against fraud or oppression: here was neither physician to destroy my body, nor lawyer to ruin my fortune; no informer to watch my words and actions, or forge accusations against me for hire: here were no gibers, censurers, backbiters, pickpockets, highwaymen, housebreakers, attorneys, bawds, buffoons, gamesters, politicians, wits, splenetics, tedious talkers, controvertists, ravishers, murderers, robbers, virtuosos; no leaders, or followers, of party and faction; no encouragers to vice, by seducement or examples; no dungeon, axes, gibbets, whipping-posts, or pillories; no cheating shopkeepers or mechanics; no pride, vanity, or affectation; no fops, bullies, drunkards, strolling whores, or poxes; no ranting, lewd, expensive wives; no stupid, proud pedants; no importunate, overbearing, quarrelsome, noisy, roaring, empty, conceited, swearing companions; no scoundrels raised from the dust upon the merit of their vices, or nobility thrown into it on account of their virtues; no lords, fiddlers, judges, or dancing-masters.
We find that whole communities suddenly fix their minds upon one object, and go mad in its pursuit; that millions of people become simultaneously impressed with one delusion, and run after it, till their attention is caught by some new folly more captivating than the first.
The distant sea, lapped the sandy shore with measured sound; the nearer cries of the donkey-boys; the unusual scenes moving before her like pictures, which she cared not in her laziness to have fully explained before they passed away; the stroll down to the beach to breathe the sea-air, soft and warm on that sandy shore even to the end of November; the great long misty sea-line touching the tender-coloured sky; the white sail of a distant boat turning silver in some pale sunbeam: it seemed as if she could dream her life away in such luxury of pensiveness, in which she made her present all in all, from not daring to think of the past, or wishing to contemplate the future.
The strange thing about life is that though the nature of it must have been apparent to every one for hundreds of years, no one has left any adequate account of it.
Women are queer, unreasoning creatures, and are just as likely as not to love a man who has been throwing away his affection.
You can judge of our simplicity when I tell you that before parting that night we agreed that the objects of life were to produce good people and good books.
Her father had held a position under the English Government and had always been busy and ill himself, and her mother had been a great beauty who cared only to go to parties and amuse herself with gay people.
Adversity tries people, and mine has tried you and proved how nice you are.
This principle shows itself in men not trying to recognize the truth, but to persuade themselves that the life they are leading, which is what they like and are used to, is a life perfectly consistent with truth.
I shall go on in the same way, losing my temper with Ivan the coachman, falling into angry discussions, expressing my opinions tactlessly; there will be still the same wall between the holy of holies of my soul and other people, even my wife; I shall still go on scolding her for my own terror, and being remorseful for it; I shall still be as unable to understand with my reason why I pray, and I shall still go on praying; but my life now, my whole life apart from anything that can happen to me, every minute of it is no more meaningless, as it was before, but it has the positive meaning of goodness, which I have the power to put into it.
But I suppose there MIGHT be good in things, even if we don't see it.
There's nothing so strong as rage, except what makes you hold it in that's stronger.
Good-by, my dear fellow.
One must do one of two things: either admit that the existing order of society is just, and then stick up for one’s rights in it; or acknowledge that you are enjoying unjust privileges, as I do, and then enjoy them and be satisfied.
And he was always in a hurry to get where he was not.
The Countess Nordston and Levin got into that relation with one another not seldom seen in society, when two persons, who remain externally on friendly terms, despise each other to such a degree that they can not even take each other seriously, and can not even be offended by each other.
It was half past six and the hands were quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like quarter to seven.
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.
Anyway, it's best not to think about them, as if you do it makes the discussions with the other lawyers, all their advice and all that they do manage to achieve, seem so unpleasant and useless, I had that experience myself, just wanted to throw everything away and lay at home in bed and hear nothing more about it.
The government itself, which is only the mode which the people have chosen to execute their will, is equally liable to be abused and perverted before the people can act through it.
If any think that their influence would be lost there, and their voices no longer afflict the ear of the State, that they would not be as an enemy within its walls, they do not know by how much truth is stronger than error, nor how much more eloquently and effectively he can combat injustice who has experienced a little in his own person.
The wildness of the savage is but a faint symbol of the awful ferity with which good men and lovers meet.
Perhaps I might have resisted a great temptation, but the little ones would have pulled me down.
So close to the powers of evil she must have lived that she still breathed more freely in their air.
Is there nowhere in an American house where one may be by one's self?
He was not sure that he wanted to see the Countess Olenska again; but ever since he had looked at her from the path above the bay he had wanted, irrationally and indescribably, to see the place she was living in, and to follow the movements of her imagined figure as he had watched the real one in the summer-house.
There are moments when a man's imagination, so easily subdued to what it lives in, suddenly rises above its daily level, and surveys the long windings of destiny.
She had in truth no abstract propensity to malice: she did not dislike Lily because the latter was brilliant and predominant, but because she thought that Lily disliked her.
She herself had grown up without any one spot of earth being dearer to her than another: there was no centre of early pieties, of grave endearing traditions, to which her heart could revert and from which it could draw strength for itself and tenderness for others.
I love a broad margin to my life.
It was such a light as we could not have imagined a moment before, and the air also was so warm and serene that nothing was wanting to make a paradise of that meadow.
they have taken wings, — The arts and sciences, And a thousand appliances; The wind that blows Is all that any body knows.
What I have to do is to see, at any rate, that I do not lend myself to the wrong which I condemn.
The tops of mountains are among the unfinished parts of the globe, whither it is a slight insult to the gods to climb and pry into their secrets, and try their effect on our humanity.
There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us.
We are scarcely less afflicted when we remember some unworthiness in our conduct in a dream, than if it had been actual, and the intensity of our grief, which is our atonement, measures the degree by which this is separated from an actual unworthiness.
If you have to have neighbours at all, it is at least a mercy that there should be only one; for with people dropping in at all hours and wanting to talk to you, how are you to get on with your life, I should like to know, and read your books, and dream your dreams to your satisfaction?
When someone is searching, said Siddhartha, then it might easily happen that the only thing his eyes still see is that what he searches for, that he is unable to find anything, to let anything enter his mind, because he always thinks of nothing but the object of his search, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed by the goal.
But pure and complete sorrow is as impossible as pure and complete joy.
There are two sides to the life of every man, his individual life, which is the more free the more abstract its interests, and his elemental hive life in which he inevitably obeys laws laid down for him.
Whether it be that the faith which creates has ceased to exist in me, or that reality will take shape in the memory alone, the flowers that people shew me nowadays for the first time never seem to me to be true flowers.
Anna had the faculty of blushing.
Chapter 24 Yes, there is something in me hateful, repulsive, thought Levin, as he came away from the Shtcherbatskys’, and walked in the direction of his brother’s lodgings.
I dare say it is good for one now and again to realize what an idiot one can be!
The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it.
It will not sympathise with my distresses, but then it will not laugh at them, and, if I keep it close, it can not tell again; so it is, perhaps, the best friend I could have for the purpose.
Society must go on, I suppose, and society can only exist if the normal, if the virtuous, and the slightly deceitful flourish, and if the passionate, the headstrong, and the too-truthful are condemned to suicide and to madness.
My nature was not originally calm, said I. I have learned to appear so by dint of hard lessons and many repeated efforts.
THE PARSONAGE All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity, that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut.
An Englishman is self-assured, as being a citizen of the best-organized state in the world, and therefore as an Englishman always knows what he should do and knows that all he does as an Englishman is undoubtedly correct.
But he meant to keep himself worthy of Anne’s friendship and perhaps some distant day her love; and he watched over word and thought and deed as jealously as if her clear eyes were to pass in judgment on it.
Error can never be corrected by error, and evil can not be vanquished by evil.
I’ve had a splendid time, she concluded happily, and I feel that it marks an epoch in my life.
In affirming my belief in Christ's teaching, I could not help explaining why I do not believe, and consider as mistaken, the Church's doctrine, which is usually called Christianity.
Can you never like things without clutching them as if you wanted to pull the heart out of them?
The greatest democrats, like Abraham Lincoln, had always a sacrificial, self-murdering note in their voices.
I have read of a man who lived many thousands of years ago, and of all the names in these books, his is the one I wish to bear.
And suddenly, for the first time this day, we remembered that we are the Damned.
And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride.
We each are young, we each have a heart, Oh, why should we stand thus coldly apart?
As Antigone said, I am neither a dweller among men nor ghosts.
There was a change in Boldwood’s exterior from its former impassibleness; and his face showed that he was now living outside his defences for the first time, and with a fearful sense of exposure.
To be lectured because the lecturer saw her in the cold morning light of open-shuttered disillusion was exasperating.
Bygones would never be complete bygones till she was a bygone herself.
At times her whimsical fancy would intensify natural processes around her till they seemed a part of her own story.
Contradictory as it seems, there is nothing truer than that people who have always gone right don’t know half as much about the nature and ways of going right as those do who have gone wrong.
When you see that deep, spiritual light in the eye, —when the little soul reveals itself in words sweeter and wiser than the ordinary words of children, —hope not to retain that child; for the seal of heaven is on it, and the light of immortality looks out from its eyes.
He would sometimes catch her large, worshipful eyes, that had no bottom to them looking at him from their depths, as if she saw something immortal before her.
She tried to argue, and tell him that he had mixed in his dull brain two matters, theology and morals, which in the primitive days of mankind had been quite distinct.
VII On the morning appointed for her departure Tess was awake before dawn—at the marginal minute of the dark when the grove is still mute, save for one prophetic bird who sings with a clear-voiced conviction that he at least knows the correct time of day, the rest preserving silence as if equally convinced that he is mistaken.
The stage of mental comfort to which they had arrived at this hour was one wherein their souls expanded beyond their skins, and spread their personalities warmly through the room.
It takes two or three generations to do what I tried to do in one; and my impulses—affections—vices perhaps they should be called—were too strong not to hamper a man without advantages; who should be as cold-blooded as a fish and as selfish as a pig to have a really good chance of being one of his country’s worthies.
He knelt and bent lower, till her breath warmed his face, and in a moment his cheek was in contact with hers.
To be conscious that the end of the dream is approaching, and yet has not absolutely come, is one of the most wearisome as well as the most curious stages along the course between the beginning of a passion and its end.
But a new thing, a great hitch, had happened yesterday in the gliding and noiseless current of his life, and he felt as a snake must feel who has sloughed off its winter skin, and can not understand the brightness and sensitiveness of its new one.
I had wanted to compromise with Fate: to escape occasional great agonies by submitting to a whole life of privation and small pains.
Besides, I seemed to hold two lives—the life of thought, and that of reality; and, provided the former was nourished with a sufficiency of the strange necromantic joys of fancy, the privileges of the latter might remain limited to daily bread, hourly work, and a roof of shelter.
Then her soul sat on her lips, and language flowed, from what source I can not tell.
Something real, cool, and solid lies before you; something unromantic as Monday morning, when all who have work wake with the consciousness that they must rise and betake themselves thereto.
Prodigious was the amount of life I lived that morning.
station! —your station is in my heart, and on the necks of those who would insult you, now or hereafter.—Go.
I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home.
These eyes in the Evening Star you must have seen in a dream.
Her companion, also in black, appeared as a well-formed young woman about eighteen, completely possessed of that ephemeral precious essence youth, which is itself beauty, irrespective of complexion or contour.
The human race is doomed to sink back farther and farther into the primitive night ere again it begins its bloody climb upward to civilization.
There is such a thing as anæsthesia of pain, engendered by pain too exquisite to be borne.
He was quick and alert in the things of life, but only in the things, and not in the significances.
In the end, one day, fear and obedience were swept away by the rush of life, and the cub straddled and sprawled toward the entrance.
His comrades talked of how a dog could break its heart through being denied the work that killed it, and recalled instances they had known, where dogs, too old for the toil, or injured, had died because they were cut out of the traces.
He was not immoral, but merely unmoral.
And she was afraid lest this boy, who, nevertheless, looked something like a Walter Scott hero, who could paint and speak French, and knew what algebra meant, and who went by train to Nottingham every day, might consider her simply as the swine-girl, unable to perceive the princess beneath; so she held aloof.
Life, within doors, has few pleasanter prospects than a neatly arranged and well-provisioned breakfast-table.
The sick in mind, and, perhaps, in body, are rendered more darkly and hopelessly so by the manifold reflection of their disease, mirrored back from all quarters in the deportment of those about them; they are compelled to inhale the poison of their own breath, in infinite repetition.
We have yet to learn again the forgotten art of gayety.
Pulling her hand out of mine, she ran back to where the dead hare was lying, and flung herself down at its side in such an agony of grief as I could hardly have believed possible in so young a child.
It is neither, calmly replied the voice of the Sphere, it is Knowledge; it is Three Dimensions: open your eye once again and try to look steadily.
I never saw those heights and depths in grace, and love, and mercy, as I saw after this temptation; great sins to draw out great grace; and where guilt is most terrible and fierce, there the mercy of God in Christ, when showed to the soul, appears most high and mighty.
To go back is nothing but death; to go forward is fear of death, and life-everlasting beyond it.
XXIII If you ever happen to turn your attention to externals, for the pleasure of anyone, be assured that you have ruined your scheme of life.
Between ourselves, I have ever observed supercelestial opinions and subterranean manners to be of singular accord.
M. Myriel had to undergo the fate of every newcomer in a little town, where there are many mouths which talk, and very few heads which think.
Then overwhelmed by the sense of that unknown infinity, like one bewildered by a strange persecution, confronting the shadows of night, in the presence of that impenetrable darkness, in the midst of the murmur of the waves, the swell, the foam, the breeze, under the clouds, under that vast diffusion of force, under that mysterious firmament of wings, of stars, of gulfs, having around him and beneath him the ocean, above him the constellations, under the great unfathomable deep, he sank, gave up the struggle, lay down upon the rock, his face towards the stars, humbled, and uplifting his joined hands towards the terrible depths, he cried aloud, Have mercy.
There she was in her place.
For instance, a crew of pirates are driven by a storm they know not whither; at length a boy discovers land from the topmast; they go on shore to rob and plunder, they see a harmless people, are entertained with kindness; they give the country a new name; they take formal possession of it for their king; they set up a rotten plank, or a stone, for a memorial; they murder two or three dozen of the natives, bring away a couple more, by force, for a sample; return home, and get their pardon.
For to enter the palace of learning at the great gate requires an expense of time and forms, therefore men of much haste and little ceremony are content to get in by the back-door.
A person with good eyes can see to the bottom of the deepest, provided any water be there; and that often when there is nothing in the world at the bottom besides dryness and dirt, though it be but a yard and half under ground, it shall pass, however, for wondrous deep, upon no wiser a reason than because it is wondrous dark.
Joy in the second moment of its arrival is already less keen than in the first, is still fainter in the third, and finishes by coalescing with our normal mental state, just as the circles which the fall of a pebble forms on the surface of water, gradually die away.
When the doorkeeper notices this he laughs and says,'If you're tempted give it a try, try and go in even though I say you can't.
Nobody sees any one as he is, let alone an elderly lady sitting opposite a strange young man in a railway carriage.
And perhaps that is why the peroration To sit still and contemplate to remember the faces of women without desire, to be pleased by the great deeds of men without envy, to be everything and everywhere in sympathy and yet content to remain where and what you are has the sort of insubstantiality which suggests that by the time he got to the end he had left himself nothing solid to work with.
Most necessary of all, but rarest good fortune, we should try to find before we start some man of our own sort who will go with us and to whom we can say the first thing that comes into our heads.
One does not love a place the less because one has suffered in it, she observes.
But others, a few, are like stars, they go on a fixed course, no wind reaches them, in themselves they have their law and their course.
He saw merchants trading, princes hunting, mourners wailing for their dead, whores offering themselves, physicians trying to help the sick, priests determining the most suitable day for seeding, lovers loving, mothers nursing their children—and all of this was not worthy of one look from his eye, it all lied, it all stank, it all stank of lies, it all pretended to be meaningful and joyful and beautiful, and it all was just concealed putrefaction.
When the exalted Gotama spoke in his teachings of the world, he had to divide it into Sansara and Nirvana, into deception and truth, into suffering and salvation.
He saw: this water ran and ran, incessantly it ran, and was nevertheless always there, was always at all times the same and yet new in every moment!
A strong, vague persuasion that it was better to go forward than backward, and that I _could_ go forward—that a way, however narrow and difficult, would in time open—predominated over other feelings: its influence hushed them so far, that at last I became sufficiently tranquil to be able to say my prayers and seek my couch.
The sternest-seeming stoic is human after all; and to burst with boldness and good-will into the silent sea of their souls is often to confer on them the first of obligations.
She would not take life, loosely and incoherently, in parts, and let one season slip as she entered on another: she would retain and add; often review from the commencement, and so grow in harmony and consistency as she grew in years.
What does it mean that thirty thousand men, not athletes but rather weak and ordinary people, have subdued two hundred million vigorous, clever, capable, and freedom-loving people?
I know no medium: I never in my life have known any medium in my dealings with positive, hard characters, antagonistic to my own, between absolute submission and determined revolt.
This was very pleasant; there is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
Then I respect her talent; the idea of marrying a doll or a fool was always abhorrent to me: I know that a pretty doll, a fair fool, might do well enough for the honeymoon; but when passion cooled, how dreadful to find a lump of wax and wood laid in my bosom, a half idiot clasped in my arms, and to remember that I had made of this my equal nay, my idol to know that I must pass the rest of my dreary life with a creature incapable of understanding what I said, of appreciating what I thought, or of sympathizing with what I felt!
She loved the roughness of the dry mountain grass under her palms, the smell of the thyme into which she crushed her face, the fingering of the wind in her hair and through her cotton blouse, and the creak of the larches as they swayed to it.
Only, I wonder the thing one's so certain of in advance: can it ever make one's heart beat as wildly?
From the twenty-sixth of August to the second of September, that is from the battle of Borodinó to the entry of the French into Moscow, during the whole of that agitating, memorable week, there had been the extraordinary autumn weather that always comes as a surprise, when the sun hangs low and gives more heat than in spring, when everything shines so brightly in the rare clear atmosphere that the eyes smart, when the lungs are strengthened and refreshed by inhaling the aromatic autumn air, when even the nights are warm, and when in those dark warm nights, golden stars startle and delight us continually by falling from the sky.
It places them in conditions of complete idleness, i.e., absence of all useful work; frees them of their common human duties, which it replaces by merely conventional ones to the honour of the regiment, the uniform, the flag; and, while giving them on the one hand absolute power over other men, also puts them into conditions of servile obedience to those of higher rank than themselves.
Then she remembered that Nick, during their last talk together, had seemed as inaccessible, and wondered if, when human souls try to get too near each other, they do not inevitably become mere blurs to each other’s vision.
It was a fatal omission of Boldwood’s that he had never once told her she was beautiful.
Stupors, however, do not last for ever, and Farmer Oak recovered from his.
I have sometimes thought, since your marrying Phillotson because of a stupid scandal, that under the affectation of independent views you are as enslaved to the social code as any woman I know!
was a whole life to me; as full of hours, minutes, and peculiar minutes, of hopes and dreads, smiles, whisperings, tears, as theirs: that it was my world, what is to them their world, and they in that life of mine, however much I cared for them, only as the thought I seem to them to be.
I can’t _bear_ that they, and everybody, should think people wicked because they may have chosen to live their own way!
That innate love of melody, which she had inherited from her ballad-singing mother, gave the simplest music a power over her which could well-nigh drag her heart out of her bosom at times.
She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly—the thought of the world’s concern at her situation—was founded on an illusion.
All my confidence is bestowed on him, all his confidence is devoted to me; we are precisely suited in character—perfect concord is the result.
You will remember that I remarked the other day, just before we went into the very simple problem presented by Miss Mary Sutherland, that for strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.
I had feelings: passive as I lived, little as I spoke, cold as I looked, when I thought of past days, I _could_ feel.
They followed the road with a sensation that they were soaring along in a supporting medium, possessed of original and profound thoughts, themselves and surrounding nature forming an organism of which all the parts harmoniously and joyously interpenetrated each other.
God was palpably present in the country, and the devil had gone with the world to town.
Events did not rhyme quite as he had thought.
If she survive, the tenderness will either be crushed out of her, or—and the outward semblance is the same—crushed so deeply into her heart that it can never show itself more.
These had been her teachers, —stern and wild ones, —and they had made her strong, but taught her much amiss.
Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject.
So it came to pass that as he trudged from the place of blood and wrath his soul changed.
It is only in our beautiful France that wholesale slaughter is done lawfully, in the name of Liberty and of brotherly love.
Solitude, isolation, are painful things, and beyond human endurance.
A learned man ought to know a little of everything.
Mr. Fogg played, not to win, but for the sake of playing.
He is a sort of steady man in a wild way, you know.
A man with a full stomach and the respect of his fellows had no business to scold about anything that he might think to be wrong in the ways of the universe, or even with the ways of society.
He so well knew that feeling of Levin’s, that for him all the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class—all the girls in the world except her, and those girls with all sorts of human weaknesses, and very ordinary girls: the other class—she alone, having no weaknesses of any sort and higher than all humanity.
But in the depths of his heart, the older he became, and the more intimately he knew his brother, the more and more frequently the thought struck him that this faculty of working for the public good, of which he felt himself utterly devoid, was possibly not so much a quality as a lack of something—not a lack of good, honest, noble desires and tastes, but a lack of vital force, of what is called heart, of that impulse which drives a man to choose someone out of the innumerable paths of life, and to care only for that one.
I killed _the_ wife when I first tasted sensual joys without love, and then it was that I killed _my_ wife.
But I’m married, and believe me, in getting to know thoroughly one’s wife, if one loves her, as someone has said, one gets to know all women better than if one knew thousands of them.
The movement of humanity, arising as it does from innumerable arbitrary human wills, is continuous.
But to say that he destroyed his army because he wished to, or because he was very stupid, would be as unjust as to say that he had brought his troops to Moscow because he wished to and because he was very clever and a genius.
Nothing but ambition, nothing but the desire to get on, that’s all there is in his soul, she thought; as for these lofty ideals, love of culture, religion, they are only so many tools for getting on.
But her eyes said that she knew he had a heart, and that was why she was afraid of him.
Just as they were arranging themselves round the table, and Levin was on the point of retiring, the old prince came in, and after greeting the ladies, addressed Levin.
These principles were possibly not reasonable and not good, but they were of unfailing certainty, and so long as he adhered to them, Vronsky felt that his heart was at peace and he could hold his head up.
A certain superciliousness of look, coolness of manner, nonchalance of tone, express fully their sentiments on the point, without committing them by any positive rudeness in word or deed.
The history of mankind is crowded with evidences proving that physical coercion is not adapted to moral regeneration, and that the sinful dispositions of men can be subdued only by love; that evil can be exterminated only by good; that it is not safe to rely upon the strength of an arm to preserve us from harm; that there is great security in being gentle, long-suffering, and abundant in mercy; that it is only the meek who shall inherit the earth; for those who take up the sword shall perish by the sword.
What is reason given me for, if I am not to use it to avoid bringing unhappy beings into the world!
A dead man sits on all our judgment-seats; and living judges do but search out and repeat his decisions.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove one's self a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom to know when it ought to be resisted, and when to be obeyed.
and so are sympathies; and so are signs; and the three combined make one mystery to which humanity has not yet found the key.
Provided with a case of pencils, and some sheets of paper, I used to take a seat apart from them, near the window, and busy myself in sketching fancy vignettes, representing any scene that happened momentarily to shape itself in the ever-shifting kaleidoscope of imagination: a glimpse of sea between two rocks; the rising moon, and a ship crossing its disk; a group of reeds and water-flags, and a naiad’s head, crowned with lotus-flowers, rising out of them; an elf sitting in a hedge-sparrow’s nest, under a wreath of hawthorn-bloom.
It seems to me, that if you tried hard, you would in time find it possible to become what you yourself would approve; and that if from this day you began with resolution to correct your thoughts and actions, you would in a few years have laid up a new and stainless store of recollections, to which you might revert with pleasure.
I thought sometimes I saw beyond its wild waters a shore, sweet as the hills of Beulah; and now and then a freshening gale, wakened by hope, bore my spirit triumphantly towards the bourne: but I could not reach it, even in fancy—a counteracting breeze blew off land, and continually drove me back.
'Win conviction of God's presence through your own joyous contact in meditation.'
A man will be beloved if, possessed with great power, he still does not make himself feared.
Woe to him whose good name is more to him than goodness!
Old age is always wakeful; as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.
Where lies the final harbor, whence we unmoor no more?
For all his tattooings he was on the whole a clean, comely looking cannibal.
But in pursuit of those far mysteries we dream of, or in tormented chase of that demon phantom that, some time or other, swims before all human hearts; while chasing such over this round globe, they either lead us on in barren mazes or midway leave us whelmed.
All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
Yet Dives himself, he too lives like a Czar in an ice palace made of frozen sighs, and being a president of a temperance society, he only drinks the tepid tears of orphans.
She, however, attentively watched my looks, and her artist’s pride was gratified, no doubt, to read my heartfelt admiration in my eyes.
She left me, offended at my want of sympathy, and thinking, no doubt, that I envied her.
Well, let them seize on all they can; — One treasure still is mine, — A heart that loves to think on thee, And feels the worth of thine.
The pleasure of living carries with it the obligation to die.
They tend, however slightly, to give the actions, the conduct, that turn which Reason approves, and which Feeling, perhaps, too often opposes: they certainly make a difference in the general tenour of a life, and enable it to be better regulated, more equable, quieter on the surface; and it is on the surface only the common gaze will fall.
It was not so handsome as the chambers where he lodged his male friends; it was not like the hall where he accommodated his philanthropy, or the library where he treasured his science, still less did it resemble the pavilion where his marriage feast was splendidly spread; yet, gradually, by long and equal kindness, he proved to me that he kept one little closet, over the door of which was written Lucy’s Room.
No, no; you are young, and rich, and have friends, and at such an age I know it is hard to die!
The novice in the military art flew from point to point, retarding his own preparations by the excess of his violent and somewhat distempered zeal; while the more practiced veteran made his arrangements with a deliberation that scorned every appearance of haste; though his sober lineaments and anxious eye sufficiently betrayed that he had no very strong professional relish for the, as yet, untried and dreaded warfare of the wilderness.
Mine own people do not care for me, John Carter; I am too unlike them.
We are between the wild thoat of certainty and the mad zitidar of fact we can escape neither.
The meaning of my Star is War, he replied pompously.
I am more likely to give help than to ask it Bagheera stretched out one paw and admired the steel-blue, ripping-chisel talons at the end of it still I should like to know.
The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things, and it is unsportsmanlike to touch him.
It lay between the real and the pretended, and Lucy’s first aim was to defeat herself.
Many persons grow insensibly attached to that which gives them a great deal of trouble, as a mother often loves her sick and ever-ailing child better than her more healthy offspring.
And yet day by day had, of itself, and by itself, been very endurable small, keen, bright little spots of positive enjoyment having come sparkling into the very middle of sorrows.
It had been a royal time of luxury to him, with all its stings and contumelies, compared to the poverty that crept round and clipped the anticipation of the future down to sordid fact, and life without an atmosphere of either hope or fear.
The philosopher dies sententiously the pharisee ostentatiously the simple-hearted humbly the poor idiot blindly, as the sparrow falls to the ground; the philosopher and idiot, publican and pharisee, all eat after the same fashion given an equally good digestion.
Why, Margaret, you must not be hurt, but he was much prettier than you were.
But Margaret went less abroad, among machinery and men; saw less of power in its public effect, and, as it happened, she was thrown with one or two of those who, in all measures affecting masses of people, must be acute sufferers for the good of many.
He came round behind her, so that she could not see his looks, and, bending back her gray, stony face, he kissed it, murmuring: No one loves me, no one cares for me, but you, mother.
I have only just landed in England from New York, and it's quite a treat to walk on an English country road again.
I was in that painful condition which occurs when one has lost one's first wind and has not yet got one's second.
A chap's bedroom you can't get away from it is his castle, and he has every right to look askance if gargoyles come glaring in at him.
It's very kind of you to keep offering me your dead mouse; but honestly I have no use for it.
I’m a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don’t you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I’m game to advise any one about anything.
It gave strangers a momentary shock of surprise when they saw Bream Mortimer in restaurants, eating roast beef.
There is enough sadness in life without having fellows like Gussie Fink-Nottle going about in sea boots.
Anything may be put into it, with the certainty that it will improve the general effect.
There is a letter on the tray, sir.
Gussie and I, as I say, had rather lost touch, but all the same I was exercised about the poor fish, as I am about all my pals, close or distant, who find themselves treading upon Life's banana skins.
I wish, said Rose anxiously, I understood you.
The wistaria was tumbling over itself in its excess of life, its prodigality of flowering; and where the pergola ended the sun blazed on scarlet geraniums, bushes of them, and nasturtiums in great heaps, and marigolds so brilliant that they seemed to be burning, and red and pink snapdragons, all outdoing each other in bright, fierce colour.
He is blessed over all mortals who loses no moment of the passing life in remembering the past.
The trees had protected it from time and weather, and from men who have less pity than time and weather.
It is not for a man to put himself in such an attitude to society, but to maintain himself in whatever attitude he find himself through obedience to the laws of his being, which will never be one of opposition to a just government, if he should chance to meet with such.
The true harvest of my daily life is somewhat as intangible and indescribable as the tints of morning or evening.
Read your fate, see what is before you, and walk on into futurity.
Commonly men will only be brave as their fathers were brave, or timid.
Perhaps we should never procure a new suit, however ragged or dirty the old, until we have so conducted, so enterprised or sailed in some way, that we feel like new men in the old, and that to retain it would be like keeping new wine in old bottles.
Here is life, an experiment to a great extent untried by me; but it does not avail me that they have tried it.
And see you this, my boy, there comes in all lives a time, towards which you still have far to go, when the weary eyes can endure but one kind of light, the light which a fine evening like this prepares for us in the stillroom of darkness, when the ears can listen to no music save what the moonlight breathes through the flute of silence.
In fact, I believe that the best definition of man is the ungrateful biped.
The vision seemed to enter the house with me—the stretcher, the phantom-bearers, the wild crowd of obedient worshippers, the gloom of the forests, the glitter of the reach between the murky bends, the beat of the drum, regular and muffled like the beating of a heart—the heart of a conquering darkness.
And what is the use of Christ’s words, unless we set an example?
At this moment, Nastenka, when we have met at last after such a long separation for I have known you for ages, Nastenka, because I have been looking for some one for ages, and that is a sign that it was you I was looking for, and it was ordained that we should meet now at this moment a thousand valves have opened in my head, and I must let myself flow in a river of words, or I shall choke.
Do you understand, sir, do you understand what it means when you have absolutely nowhere to turn?
She is like a revolving lighthouse; pitch darkness alternating with a dazzling brilliancy!
Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation, it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other’s yarns—and even convictions.
It was the truth, vivid and monstrous, that all the while he had waited the wait was itself his portion.
It wouldn't have been failure to be bankrupt, dishonoured, pilloried, hanged; it was failure not to be anything.
There was nothing in the room the next minute but the sunshine and a sense that I must stay.
O _gouvernement français_, I think it was not very clever of you to put this terrible doll in La Ferte; I should have left him in Belgium with his little doll-wife if I had been You; for when governments are found dead there is always a little doll on top of them, pulling and tweaking with his little hands to get back the microscopic knife which sticks firmly in the quiet meat of their hearts.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
If a man carries many such memories with him into life, he is safe to the end of his days, and if one has only one good memory left in one’s heart, even that may sometime be the means of saving us.
It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of.
There are chance meetings with strangers that interest us from the first moment, before a word is spoken.
It's things that happen in the waking world, while one is asleep, that one would be glad to know the meaning of.
Over the lives borne from under the shadow of death there seems to fall the shadow of madness.
She has known all the time that I cared for her—though I never said a word of my love to her—she knew, but she didn’t care for me.
No, it was not the money that I valued—what I wanted was to make all this mob of Heintzes, hotel proprietors, and fine ladies of Baden talk about me, recount my story, wonder at me, extol my doings, and worship my winnings.
He was so weary after a whole month of concentrated wretchedness and gloomy excitement that he longed to rest, if only for a moment, in some other world, whatever it might be; and, in spite of the filthiness of the surroundings, he was glad now to stay in the tavern.
My breath is coming in jerks deep down in my breast I can hear it sobbing and trembling.
But a plant on the edge of a desert is said to struggle for life against the drought, though more properly it should be said to be dependent on the moisture.
A grain in the balance will determine which individual shall live and which shall die, —which variety or species shall increase in number, and which shall decrease, or finally become extinct.
The earthquake, however, must be to every one a most impressive event: the earth, considered from our earliest childhood as the type of solidity, has oscillated like a thin crust beneath our feet; and in seeing the laboured works of man in a moment overthrown, we feel the insignificance of his boasted power.
As many more individuals of each species are born than can possibly survive; and as, consequently, there is a frequently recurring struggle for existence, it follows that any being, if it vary however slightly in any manner profitable to itself, under the complex and sometimes varying conditions of life, will have a better chance of surviving, and thus be _naturally selected_.
But she her life was cold as a garret whose dormer window looks on the north, and ennui, the silent spider, was weaving its web in the darkness in every corner of her heart.
Then, pride, and joy of being able to say to herself, I am virtuous, and to look at herself in the glass taking resigned poses, consoled her a little for the sacrifice she believed she was making.
It’s been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.
Everything is made out of Magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people.
She liked books more than anything else, and was, in fact, always inventing stories of beautiful things and telling them to herself.
One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
The worst thing never QUITE comes.
You said th’Magic was in my back.
When you will not fly into a passion people know you are stronger than they are, because you are strong enough to hold in your rage, and they are not, and they say stupid things they wish they hadn't said afterward.
Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world, he said wisely one day, but people don’t know what it is like or how to make it.
If you tell stories, you like nothing so much as to tell them to people who want to listen.
If you fill your mind with a beautiful thought there will be no room in it for an ugly one.
But, they tell you, man is not born free, even if he is everywhere in chains.
There is no bombast, no similes, flowers, digressions, or unnecessary descriptions.
What a table was here spread for me in the wilderness, where I saw nothing at first but to perish for hunger!
We have had the feelings _ad nauseam._ But we've never dared dig the actual truth out of them, the truth that concerns us, whether it concerns our grandchildren or not.
And she thought to herself: Whatever life may be, and whatever horror men have made of it, the world is a lovely place, a magic place, something to marvel over.
I can’t bring myself to dislike anyone enough.
Half an hour afterwards Dick emerged from the inn, and if Fancy's lips had been real cherries probably Dick's would have appeared deeply stained.
His parted lips were lips which spoke, not of love, but of millions of miles; those were eyes which habitually gazed, not into the depths of other eyes, but into other worlds.
It was quite impossible, he found, to ask to be delivered from temptation when your heart’s desire was to be tempted unto seventy times seven.
If we only look far enough off for the consequence of our actions, we can always find some point in the combination of results by which those actions can be justified; by adopting the point of view of a Providence who arranges results, or of a philosopher who traces them, we shall find it possible to obtain perfect complacency in choosing to do what is most agreeable to us in the present moment.
But let the wise be warned against too great readiness at explanation: it multiplies the sources of mistake, lengthening the sum for reckoners sure to go wrong.
No chemical process shows a more wonderful activity than the transforming influence of the thoughts we imagine to be going on in another.
If life were quite easy and simple, as it might have been in Paradise, and we could always see that one being first toward whom—I mean, if life did not make duties for us before love comes, love would be a sign that two people ought to belong to each other.
There are answers which, in turning away wrath, only send it to the other end of the room, and to have a discussion coolly waived when you feel that justice is all on your own side is even more exasperating in marriage than in philosophy.
For my part I have some fellow-feeling with Dr. Sprague: one’s self-satisfaction is an untaxed kind of property which it is very unpleasant to find deprecated.
Will was not without his intentions to be always generous, but our tongues are little triggers which have usually been pulled before general intentions can be brought to bear.
When we are treated well, we naturally begin to think that we are not altogether unmeritorious, and that it is only just we should treat ourselves well, and not mar our own good fortune.
I suppose it was that in courtship everything is regarded as provisional and preliminary, and the smallest sample of virtue or accomplishment is taken to guarantee delightful stores which the broad leisure of marriage will reveal.
BLACK DOG APPEARS AND DISAPPEARS.
In the checkered area of human experience the seasons are all mingled as in the golden age: fruit and blossom hang together; in the same moment the sickle is reaping and the seed is sprinkled; one tends the green cluster and another treads the winepress.
For there is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it.
Let him live outside his income, or shirk the resolute honest work that brings wages, and he will presently find himself dreaming of a possible benefactor, a possible simpleton who may be cajoled into using his interest, a possible state of mind in some possible person not yet forthcoming.
But that intimacy of mutual embarrassment, in which each feels that the other is feeling something, having once existed, its effect is not to be done away with.
But where Caleb’s feeling and judgment strongly pronounced, he was a ruler; and in spite of his mildness and timidity in reproving, every one about him knew that on the exceptional occasions when he chose, he was absolute.
True, he had dreamy visions of possibilities: there is no human being who having both passions and thoughts does not think in consequence of his passions—does not find images rising in his mind which soothe the passion with hope or sting it with dread.
We are all of us denying or fulfilling prayers—and men in their careless deeds walk amidst invisible outstretched arms and pleadings made in vain.
Then, after hours of clear reasoning and firm conviction, we snatch at any sophistry that will nullify our long struggles, and bring us the defeat that we love better than victory.
The captain has said too much or he has said too little, and I’m bound to say that I require an explanation of his words.
Then it was that there came into my head the first of the mad notions that contributed so much to save our lives.
I would have given the world to take back what I had said; but a word once spoken, who can recapture it?
Our guides, we pretend, must be sinless: as if those were not often the best teachers who only yesterday got corrected for their mistakes.
I'd never been a tall guy, and the girls I'd dated had all been my height teenaged girls grow faster than guys, which is a cruel trick of nature.
Little things, like heavy stuff goes at the bottom of the laundry bag, or big things, like the best way to get a boy to chase you is to ignore him, or medium things, like if you cut an onion under running water, your eyes won't sting, and if you wash your fingers afterward with lemon-juice they won't stink.
They were put into my pocket by Weena, when I travelled into Time.
I know the world is a drawing-room, from which we must retire politely and honestly; that is, with a bow, and our debts of honor paid.
D’Artagnan was amazed to note by what fragile and unknown threads the destinies of nations and the lives of men are suspended.
But my real treasure is not that, my dear friend, which awaits me beneath the sombre rocks of Monte Cristo, it is your presence, our living together five or six hours a day, in spite of our jailers; it is the rays of intelligence you have elicited from my brain, the languages you have implanted in my memory, and which have taken root there with all their philological ramifications.
I always imagine it is as it is in the picture, where the shining ones stretch out their hands to welcome poor Christian as he comes up from the river.
I wish wearing flatirons on our heads would keep us from growing up.
It's an odd thing the softer and more easily hurt a woman is the better she can screw herself up to do what HAS to be done.
And though the clouds went sailing across the sky, the wind that drove them never came low enough to rustle the dead leaves in the woodland paths.
Like a confiding child, she asked no questions, but left everything to God and nature, Father and Mother of us all, feeling sure that they, and they only, could teach and strengthen heart and spirit for this life and the life to come.
If something very pleasant should happen now, we should think it a delightful month, said Beth, who took a hopeful view of everything, even November.
In dim ways he recognised in man the animal that had fought itself to primacy over the other animals of the Wild.
Though he did not know it, it was the first time that he had experienced, quite undiluted with foreign emotions, the sense of beauty.
There was neither good nor bad there.
Much of the Wild had been lost, so that to them the Wild was the unknown, the terrible, the ever-menacing and ever warring.
On the other hand, he was human, and his gregarious need for companionship remained unsatisfied.
He died ingloriously, of a stupid disease, failing once more, even at the end, to accomplish anything.
I know that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown that regret.
It is hard that a man's exterior should tally so little sometimes with his soul.
He was justifying his existence, than which life can do no greater; for life achieves its summit when it does to the uttermost that which it was equipped to do.
Possibly all the generations of his ancestry had been ignorant of cold, of real cold, of cold one hundred and seven degrees below freezing-point.
In the presence of the storm, thunderbolts, hurricane, rain, darkness, and the lions, which might be concealed but a few paces away, he felt disarmed and helpless.
How she loved to listen when he thought only the horse could hear.
What woman, indeed, among the most faithful adherents of the truth, believes the promises and threats of the Word in the sense in which she believes in her own children, or would not throw her theology to the wind if weighed against their happiness?
Troubles and other realities took on themselves a metaphysical impalpability, sinking to mere mental phenomena for serene contemplation, and no longer stood as pressing concretions which chafed body and soul.
He was at the brightest period of masculine growth, for his intellect and his emotions were clearly separated: he had passed the time during which the influence of youth indiscriminately mingles them in the character of impulse, and he had not yet arrived at the stage wherein they become united again, in the character of prejudice, by the influence of a wife and family.
No prophet had told him, and he was not prophet enough to tell himself, that essentially this young wife of his was as deserving of the praise of King Lemuel as any other woman endowed with the same dislike of evil, her moral value having to be reckoned not by achievement but by tendency.
She had stretched one arm so high above her coiled-up cable of hair that he could see its satin delicacy above the sunburn; her face was flushed with sleep, and her eyelids hung heavy over their pupils.
Secondarily, he made close acquaintance with phenomena which he had before known but darkly—the seasons in their moods, morning and evening, night and noon, winds in their different tempers, trees, waters and mists, shades and silences, and the voices of inanimate things.
The pale lunar touches which make beauties of hags lent divinity to this face, already beautiful.
The first man he came to was running about in a great hurry, as if his thoughts were several yards in advance of his body, which they could never drag on fast enough.
She looked towards the western sky, which was now aglow like some vast foundery wherein new worlds were being cast.
The sun was on them for the moment, and they were opened flat, great five-pointed, seven-pointed lilac stars, with burning centres, burning with a strange lavender flame, as she had seen some metal burn lilac-flamed in the laboratory of the hospital at Islington.
Be a good boy, remember; and be kind to animals and birds, and read all you can.
Finding this, she was much perplexed as to Henchard’s motives in opening the matter at all; for in such cases we attribute to an enemy a power of consistent action which we never find in ourselves or in our friends; and forget that abortive efforts from want of heart are as possible to revenge as to generosity.
Be a good boy, remember; and be kind to animals and birds, and read all you can.
The intentions as to reading, working, and learning, which he had so precisely formulated only a few minutes earlier, were suffering a curious collapse into a corner, he knew not how.
There was the honest cock robin, the favorite game of stripling sportsmen, with its loud querulous note; and the twittering blackbirds flying in sable clouds; and the golden-winged woodpecker with his crimson crest, his broad black gorget, and splendid plumage; and the cedar bird, with its red-tipt wings and yellow-tipt tail and its little monteiro cap of feathers; and the blue jay, that noisy coxcomb, in his gay light blue coat and white underclothes, screaming and chattering, nodding and bobbing and bowing, and pretending to be on good terms with every songster of the grove.
Depart from these conditions, and he becomes perverted and changed into a wild beast.
But now I do not resent it, they are all dear to me now, even when they laugh at me and, indeed, it is just then that they are particularly dear to me.
CRIME AND PUNISHMENT PART I CHAPTER I On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of the garret in which he lodged in S. Place and walked slowly, as though in hesitation, towards K. bridge.
You should pass us by and forgive us our happiness, said the prince in a low voice.
Men will even give their lives if only the ordeal does not last long but is soon over, with all looking on and applauding as though on the stage.
I have purposely resorted to this method, gentlemen of the jury, to show that you can prove anything by it.
I tell you what, I can't help coming here to-morrow, I am a dreamer; I have so little real life that I look upon such moments as this now, as so rare, that I can not help going over such moments again in my dreams.
A very easy way to feel’em go, continued Tess, is to lie on the grass at night and look straight up at some big bright star; and, by fixing your mind upon it, you will soon find that you are hundreds and hundreds o’miles away from your body, which you don’t seem to want at all.
Why, you make any one think that loving is a thing that can be done and undone, and put on and put off at a mere whim.
Love has its own dark morality when rivalry enters in—at least, mine has, if other people’s hasn’t… I wonder how she got on?
Or, to state his character as it stood in the scale of public opinion, when his friends and critics were in tantrums, he was considered rather a bad man; when they were pleased, he was rather a good man; when they were neither, he was a man whose moral colour was a kind of pepper-and-salt mixture.
One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.
I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like electricity and horses and steam.
Her affection for the Large Family increased as, indeed, her affection for everything she could love increased.
I dare say you could live without me, Sara; but I couldn't live without you.
You learn things by saying them over and over and thinking about them until they stay in your mind forever and I think it will be the same with Magic.
One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
That afternoon the whole world seemed to devote itself to being perfect and radiantly beautiful and kind to one boy.
You are a story I am a story.
The high walls which shut it in were covered with the leafless stems of climbing roses which were so thick that they were matted together.
Where both deliberate, the love is slight: Who ever loved, that loved not at first sight?
I count religion but a childish toy, And hold there is no sin but ignorance.
I thought Marilla Cuthbert was an old fool when I heard she’d adopted a girl out of an orphan asylum, she said to herself, but I guess she didn’t make much of a mistake after all.
If the empire had been afflicted by any recent calamity, by a plague, a famine, or an unsuccessful war; if the Tyber had, or if the Nile had not, risen beyond its banks; if the earth had shaken, or if the temperate order of the seasons had been interrupted, the superstitious Pagans were convinced that the crimes and the impiety of the Christians, who were spared by the excessive lenity of the government, had at length provoked the divine justice.
The wilderness had patted him on the head, and, behold, it was like a ball—an ivory ball; it had caressed him, and—lo! —he had withered; it had taken him, loved him, embraced him, got into his veins, consumed his flesh, and sealed his soul to its own by the inconceivable ceremonies of some devilish initiation.
A taint of imbecile rapacity blew through it all, like a whiff from some corpse.
Land in a swamp, march through the woods, and in some inland post feel the savagery, the utter savagery, had closed round him—all that mysterious life of the wilderness that stirs in the forest, in the jungles, in the hearts of wild men.
Or you may be such a thunderingly exalted creature as to be altogether deaf and blind to anything but heavenly sights and sounds.
‘This mournful and restless sound was a fit accompaniment to my meditations.
Kill or be killed, eat or be eaten, was the law; and this mandate, down out of the depths of Time, he obeyed.
MYRIEL In 1815, M. Charles-François-Bienvenu Myriel was Bishop of D—— He was an old man of about seventy-five years of age; he had occupied the see of D—— since 1806.
Princes must have these terrific animals; for we kings must have lions for our dogs and tigers for our cats.
As he grew up, he had found nothing but hatred around him.
He had but one word for both these kinds of toil; he called them _gardening_.
Vague forms of antennæ, tentacles, fins, open jaws, scales, and claws, float about there, quivering, growing larger, or decomposing and perishing in the gloom, while horrible swarms of swimming things prowl about seeking their prey.
The scaffold is the accomplice of the executioner; it devours, it eats flesh, it drinks blood; the scaffold is a sort of monster fabricated by the judge and the carpenter, a spectre which seems to live with a horrible vitality composed of all the death which it has inflicted.
His condemnation, which had been a profound shock, had, in a manner, broken through, here and there, that wall which separates us from the mystery of things, and which we call life.
Each face, each stone of the venerable monument, is a page not only of the history of the country, but of the history of science and art as well.
She says,‘Hello-Mary-Mac-Lane,’and clasps my hand, and we exchange a glance of no real understanding at all but suggesting warmed challenge of personality, and an oblique sweet call of depth to depth, and of friendship which by mere force of preference and of our separate quality and _calibre_ is true rather than false.
Of so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.
Truly the universe is full of ghosts, not sheeted churchyard spectres, but the inextinguishable elements of individual life, which having once been, can never _die_, though they blend and change, and change again for ever.
In short, Beauty Smith was a monstrosity, and the blame of it lay elsewhere.
> Masha When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
I'm holding my shit together right now, and rather than telling me that it's not enough, you could try to help me with the stuff I'm capable of.
I remembered the old doctor—‘It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals, on the spot.’I felt I was becoming scientifically interesting.
I don’t believe they know what is safe or what is good for them, any more than you or I.’And after some more talk we agreed that the wisdom of rats had been grossly overrated, being in fact no greater than that of men.
He has to live in the midst of the incomprehensible, which is also detestable.
Though it may be right to care more for the benefit of the many than for the indulgence of your own single self, when you consider that the many, and duty to them, only exist to you through your own existence, what can be said?
Well, if you make songs about yourself, my dear, you can't blame other people for singing'em.
He would have preferred more honesty in his clients, and less sham ridicule; but fundamental belief consoled him for superficial irony.
'I think astronomy is a bad study for you.
And what about the law that marks him still better—the pretty branding instrument invented by the overfed to protect themselves against the hungry?
A woman’s true tenderness, like the true virility of man, is expressed in action of a conquering kind.
I feel very strongly about putting questions; it partakes too much of the style of the day of judgment.
Do you know, Poole, he said, looking up, that you and I are about to place ourselves in a position of some peril?
But it was just as possible that he had not even been listening as he had his hand pressed firmly down on the table and seemed to be comparing the length of his fingers.
in the clothes of the greatest potentate, what is there but a man?
The moonlight lay everywhere with the natural peace that is granted to no other light.
Asking questions were the most important thing.
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows: — The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts, All on a summer day: The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts, And took them quite away!
Even the tiger runs and hides when little Tabaqui goes mad, for madness is the most disgraceful thing that can overtake a wild creature.
Better he should be bruised from head to foot by me who love him than that he should come to harm through ignorance, Baloo answered very earnestly.
Akela, the great gray Lone Wolf, who led all the Pack by strength and cunning, lay out at full length on his rock, and below him sat forty or more wolves of every size and color, from badger-colored veterans who could handle a buck alone to young black three-year-olds who thought they could.
'Threatened men live long, I said.
For five—seven—eighteen—forty years it was in my mind that the Old Law was not well followed; being overlaid, as thou knowest, with devildom, charms, and idolatry.
Among the many short cuts to science, we badly need some one to teach us the art of learning with difficulty.
Ah this slavery breeds ugly passions in man.—Poor fellow!
why should any one give chase to that hated fish!
deliriously howled Ahab, as the malignant iron scorchingly devoured the baptismal blood.
The weaver-god, he weaves; and by that weaving is he deafened, that he hears no mortal voice; and by that humming, we, too, who look on the loom are deafened; and only when we escape it shall we hear the thousand voices that speak through it.
He is afraid to speak loud, lest he be stunned; like the man in the bass drum.
So true it is, and so terrible too, that up to a certain point the thought or sight of misery enlists our best affections; but, in certain special cases, beyond that point it does not.
In man or fish, wriggling is a sign of inferiority.
See how he cowers and sneaks, how vaguely all the day he fears, not being immortal nor divine, but the slave and prisoner of his own opinion of himself, a fame won by his own deeds.
Let me live where I will, on this side is the city, on that the wilderness, and ever I am leaving the city more and more, and withdrawing into the wilderness.
It is too late to be studying Hebrew; it is more important to understand even the slang of today.
There are such words as joy and sorrow, but they are only the burden of a psalm, sung with a nasal twang, while we believe in the ordinary and mean.
Give me a wildness whose glance no civilization can endure, —as if we lived on the marrow of koodoos devoured raw.
But I was at the same time conscious of a slight insanity in my mood, and seemed to foresee my recovery.
Methinks there is equal need of a Society for the Diffusion of Useful Ignorance, what we will call Beautiful Knowledge, a knowledge useful in a higher sense: for what is most of our boasted so-called knowledge but a conceit that we know something, which robs us of the advantage of our actual ignorance?
He picked up one of the dead bats and covered it with his handkerchief.
The chappies you’d like to lend money to won’t let you, whereas the chappies you don’t want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets.
It was one of the most disgusting spectacles I've ever seen this white-haired old man, who should have been thinking of the hereafter, standing there lying like an actor.
The fact that pigs were abroad in the night seemed to bring home to me the perilous nature of my enterprise.
The sort of girl who reduces you to pulp with sixteen sets of tennis and a few rounds of golf and then comes down to dinner as fresh as a daisy, expecting you to take an intelligent interest in Freud.
At the age of seven he had been an extraordinarily beautiful child, but after that he had gone all to pieces; and now, at the age of twenty-five, it would be idle to deny that he was something of a mess.
For the benefit of those interested, I may mention that if you shove the thing under the surface with the sponge and then let it go, it shoots out of the water in a manner calculated to divert the most careworn.
She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d’you-do.
On three separate occasions horses on which I’d invested a sizeable amount won by lengths instead of sitting down to rest in the middle of the race, as horses usually do when I’ve got money on them.
I want the flower and fruit of a man; that some fragrance be wafted over from him to me, and some ripeness flavor our intercourse.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
I need no warrant for being, and no word of sanction upon my being.
We can not say what they meant, for there are no words for their meaning, but we know it without words and we knew it then.
Hope and the future for me are not in lawns and cultivated fields, not in towns and cities, but in the impervious and quaking swamps.
As for the Pyramids, there is nothing to wonder at in them so much as the fact that so many men could be found degraded enough to spend their lives constructing a tomb for some ambitious booby, whom it would have been wiser and manlier to have drowned in the Nile, and then given his body to the dogs.
I sat at a table where were rich food and wine in abundance, and obsequious attendance, but sincerity and truth were not; and I went away hungry from the inhospitable board.
If we were left solely to the wordy wit of legislators in Congress for our guidance, uncorrected by the seasonable experience and the effectual complaints of the people, America would not long retain her rank among the nations.
With people who are young and aren't scared you can do lots.
Far away on the path we saw Sir Henry looking back, his face white in the moonlight, his hands raised in horror, glaring helplessly at the frightful thing which was hunting him down.
The truth is, that, once in every half-century, at longest, a family should be merged into the great, obscure mass of humanity, and forget all about its ancestors.
Strength is incomprehensible by weakness, and, therefore, the more terrible.
It was as if she had been made afresh, out of new elements, and must perforce be permitted to live her own life, and be a law unto herself, without her eccentricities being reckoned to her for a crime.
The mind is in a sad state when Sleep, the all-involving, can not confine her spectres within the dim region of her sway, but suffers them to break forth, affrighting this actual life with secrets that perchance belong to a deeper one.
And the shame! —the indelicacy! —the horrible ugliness of this exposure of a sick and guilty heart to the very eye that would gloat over it!
Well, quite softly, one day following another, a spring on a winter, and an autumn after a summer, this wore away, piece by piece, crumb by crumb; it passed away, it is gone, I should say it has sunk; for something always remains at the bottom as one would say a weight here, at one’s heart.
She forgot the tune of the quadrilles; she no longer saw the liveries and appointments so distinctly; some details escaped her, but the regret remained with her.
Love, she thought, must come suddenly, with great outbursts and lightnings a hurricane of the skies, which falls upon life, revolutionises it, roots up the will like a leaf, and sweeps the whole heart into the abyss.
300 He oft findsmed'cine, who his griefe imparts; But double griefs afflict concealing harts, As raging flames who striveth to suppresse.
She never called her son by any name but John; love, and dear, and such like terms, were reserved for Fanny.
All I say is, may neither me nor mine ever have his sore heart, or we may do like things.
It doesn't so much matter what you believe as what I am.
They little know, Gerald answered, how often we do it to please them.
That is no vain or untried promise, Ruth!
I do not know whether I am brave or not till I am tried; but I am afraid I should be a coward.
Her smoke mitigated the splendour, and the clouds down Oxford Street were a delicately painted ceiling, which adorned while it did not distract.
What are these unheard-of sins you condemn so much and like so well?
The men leaned back on their heels, put their hands in their trousers-pockets, and proclaimed their views with the booming profundity of a prosperous male repeating a thoroughly hackneyed statement about a matter of which he knows nothing whatever.
She stopped on her own porch and thought viciously: If that woman is on the side of the angels, then I have no choice; I must be on the side of the devil.
If the world was full of perplexing problems she would trust, and only ask to see the one step needful for the hour.
Margaret’s heart felt more heavy than she could ever have thought it possible in going to her own dear home, the place and the life she had longed for for years at that time of all times for yearning and longing, just before the sharp senses lose their outlines in sleep.
If he should turn out a great naturalist, and Nat a musician, I should have cause to be proud of this year's work; and Mrs. Jo sat smiling over her book as she built castles in the air, just as she used to do when a girl, only then they were for herself, and now they were for other people, which is the reason perhaps that some of them came to pass in reality for charity is an excellent foundation to build anything upon.
Well pleased with themselves for every genuine act or word, no matter how trifling it seems, leaves a sweet and strengthening influence behind the members settled down to the debate, which was never very long, and often only an excuse for fun of all sorts.
I suppose it’s natural to some people to please without trying, and others to always say and do the wrong thing in the wrong place.
Meg’s high-heeled slippers were very tight and hurt her, though she would not own it, and Jo’s nineteen hairpins all seemed stuck straight into her head, which was not exactly comfortable, but, dear me, let us be elegant or die.
Rushing upstairs, she startled the invalids by exclaiming tragically as she burst into the room, Oh, do somebody go down quick!
Well, you see, I've been so bothered with my property, that I'm tired of it, and don't mean to save up any more, but give it away as I go along, and then nobody will envy me, or want to steal it, and I shan't be suspecting folks and worrying about my old cash, replied Tommy, on whom the cares and anxieties of a millionaire weighed heavily.
We make our own cakes, in a great measure, therefore let us look to it, my brethren, that they are mixed according to the best receipt, baked in a well regulated oven, and gratefully eaten with a temperate appetite.
She did not think herself a genius by any means, but when the writing fit came on, she gave herself up to it with entire abandon, and led a blissful life, unconscious of want, care, or bad weather, while she sat safe and happy in an imaginary world, full of friends almost as real and dear to her as any in the flesh.
Our burdens are here, our road is before us, and the longing for goodness and happiness is the guide that leads us through many troubles and mistakes to the peace which is a true Celestial City.
His love and care never tire or change, can never be taken from you, but may become the source of lifelong peace, happiness, and strength.
I know they will remember all I said to them, that they will be loving children to you, will do their duty faithfully, fight their bosom enemies bravely, and conquer themselves so beautifully that when I come back to them I may be fonder and prouder than ever of my little women.
We live in a beautiful and wonderful world, Demi, and the more you know about it the wiser and the better you will be.
To know a thing does not enable us, always, to prevent its happening, but after all the things that we know we do hold, if not in our hands, at any rate in our minds, where we can dispose of them as we choose, which gives us the illusion of a sort of power to control them.
How closely, in their abundance, are they pressed one against another; until lovers would find it as hard to count the kisses exchanged in an hour, as to count the flowers in a meadow in May.
Perhaps it is not-being that is the true state, and all our dream of life is without existence; but, if so, we feel that it must be that these phrases of music, these conceptions which exist in relation to our dream, are nothing either.
for I was in the country with my grandfather, who died years ago; and my body, the side upon which I was lying, loyally preserving from the past an impression which my mind should never have forgotten, brought back before my eyes the glimmering flame of the night-light in its bowl of Bohemian glass, shaped like an urn and hung by chains from the ceiling, and the chimney-piece of Siena marble in my bedroom at Combray, in my great-aunt's house, in those far distant days which, at the moment of waking, seemed present without being clearly penned, but would become plainer in a little while when I was properly awake.
But when a belief vanishes, there survives it more and more ardently, so as to cloak the absence of the power, now lost to us, of imparting reality to new phenomena an idolatrous attachment to the old things which our belief in them did once animate, as if it was in that belief and not in ourselves that the divine spark resided, and as if our present incredulity had a contingent cause the death of the gods.
And coming gallantly to her own rescue,‘If I really seem vain, it is that I am only vain in my ways not in my heart.
Anna had been preparing herself for this meeting, had thought what she would say to him, but she did not succeed in saying anything of it; his passion mastered her.
Brought up with an idea of God, a Christian, my whole life filled with the spiritual blessings Christianity has given me, full of them, and living on those blessings, like the children I did not understand them, and destroy, that is try to destroy, what I live by.
Life meanwhile—real life, with its essential interests of health and sickness, toil and rest, and its intellectual interests in thought, science, poetry, music, love, friendship, hatred, and passions—went on as usual, independently of and apart from political friendship or enmity with Napoleon Bonaparte and from all the schemes of reconstruction.
She broke forth as never moon yet burst from cloud: a hand first penetrated the sable folds and waved them away; then, not a moon, but a white human form shone in the azure, inclining a glorious brow earthward.
In that little party there was not one who would desert another; yet we were of different countries, different colours, different races, different religions and one of us was of a different world.
There was but a single forlorn hope, and I took it.
Love is real the most real, the most lasting, the sweetest and yet the bitterest thing we know.
Because, he said, I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you—especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame.
And so there was no one cause for that occurrence, but it had to occur because it had to.
In spite of Stepan Arkadyevitch’s efforts to be an attentive father and husband, he never could keep in his mind that he had a wife and children.
She was fascinating in her simple black dress, fascinating were her round arms with their bracelets, fascinating was her firm neck with its thread of pearls, fascinating the straying curls of her loose hair, fascinating the graceful, light movements of her little feet and hands, fascinating was that lovely face in its eagerness, but there was something terrible and cruel in her fascination.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and incur my own abhorrence.
She was willing to do everything in the world for me except the one thing I wanted: to leave me alone.
When all things lasted so short a time and nothing mattered very much, it seemed pitiful that men, attaching an absurd importance to trivial objects, should make themselves and one another so unhappy.
When death stood round the corner, taking lives like a gardener digging up potatoes, it was foolishness to care what dirty things this person or that did with his body.
It looked as though you did not act in a certain way because you thought in a certain way, but rather that you thought in a certain way because you were made in a certain way.
I don’t know what it is that makes someone love you, but whatever it is, it’s the only thing that matters, and if it isn’t there you won’t create it by kindness, or generosity, or anything of that sort.
He had thought of love as a rapture which seized one so that all the world seemed spring-like, he had looked forward to an ecstatic happiness; but this was not happiness; it was a hunger of the soul, it was a painful yearning, it was a bitter anguish, he had never known before.
In death it exposed to his enemies that poverty which in life he had perhaps concealed from his friends.
What a creature is mortal man!
IN WHICH PASSEPARTOUT RECEIVES A NEW PROOF THAT FORTUNE FAVORS THE BRAVE CHAPTER XIV.
Not guessing the cause, there was nothing to remind him that experience is as to intensity, and not as to duration.
Good manners without sincerity are like a beautiful dead lady, he remarked on suitable occasion.
Everything in future will improve if you are making a spiritual effort now.
there is nothing of which she has not gained the knowledge; no wonder that she is able to recollect.
The flux of the human heart is gone forever at the transfixing touch of pure love.
Oh, was not all suffering time, were not all forms of tormenting oneself and being afraid time, was not everything hard, everything hostile in the world gone and overcome as soon as one had overcome time, as soon as time would have been put out of existence by one’s thoughts?
The world, my friend Govinda, is not imperfect, or on a slow path towards perfection: no, it is perfect in every moment, all sin already carries the divine forgiveness in itself, all small children already have the old person in themselves, all infants already have death, all dying people the eternal life.
The goal of yoga science is to calm the mind, that without distortion it may mirror the divine vision in the universe.
Whenever you hesitate as to whom you ought to serve, abandon the exterior, the material appearance for the invisible principle, for the invisible principle is everything.
A man’s body is as the shell, or the tablet, of his soul, as he is reserved or ingenuous, overflowing or self-contained.
Well, then, however the old sea-captains may order me about—however they may thump and punch me about, I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way—either in a physical or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the universal thump is passed round, and all hands should rub each other’s shoulder-blades, and be content.
The classification of the constituents of a chaos, nothing less is here essayed.
And it was a most remarkable, a most moving glance, as if for a moment a lighthouse had looked at me.
With each new woman that a man is attracted to there appears to come a broadening of the outlook, or, if you like, an acquiring of new territory.
The poet is intimate with truth, while the scientist approaches awkwardly.
If a man commits a crime, any other crime he commits will resemble it closely.
During that summer Nekhludoff experienced that exaltation which youth comes to know not by the teaching of others, but when it naturally begins to recognize the beauty and importance of life, and man's serious place in it; when it sees the possibility of infinite perfection of which the world is capable, and devotes itself to that endeavor, not only with the hope, but with a full conviction of reaching that perfection which it imagines possible.
Novelty hides vice from them; there is no one to warn them or give them rules; and they become slaves of sin, while they are learning what sin is.
It is only necessary that these people should he governors, inspectors, policemen; that they should be fully convinced that there is a kind of business, called government service, which allows men to treat other men as things, without human brotherly relations with them, and also that these people should be so linked together by this government service that the responsibility for the results of their actions should not fall on any one of them separately.
As the sun and each atom of ether is a sphere complete in itself, and yet at the same time only a part of a whole too immense for man to comprehend, so each individual has within himself his own aims and yet has them to serve a general purpose incomprehensible to man.
But for Levin she was as easy to find in that crowd as a rose among nettles.
The things that had filled his days seemed now like a nursery parody of life, or like the wrangles of mediaeval schoolmen over metaphysical terms that nobody had ever understood.
She tried to repeat the word, which lingered vague and luminous on the far edge of thought she was afraid of not remembering it when she woke; and if she could only remember it and say it to him, she felt that everything would be well.
She would keep him, keep his love, deserve it, and cherish it; for this much was certain, that there was no longer any happiness possible for her without that one man’s love.
But even had the two been in closer contact, it was impossible to think of Mrs. Peniston's mind as offering shelter or comprehension to such misery as Lily's.
If you had a table spread for a feast, and was making merry with your friends, you would think it was kind to let me come and sit down and rejoice with you, because you’d think I should like to share those good things; but I should like better to share in your trouble and your labour, and it would seem harder to me if you denied me that.
Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was, than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible.
So strange, that Marguerite, wearied, overwrought as she was, thought that the beneficial unconsciousness of the approach of death was playing her half-sleeping senses a weird and elusive trick.
I only wished papa, mamma, and Mary were all of the same mind as myself; and then, instead of lamenting past calamities we might all cheerfully set to work to remedy them; and the greater the difficulties, the harder our present privations, the greater should be our cheerfulness to endure the latter, and our vigour to contend against the former.
Nice women, however wronged, would never claim the kind of freedom he meant, and generous-minded men like himself were therefore in the heat of argument the more chivalrously ready to concede it to them.
And in Rome it seems as if there were so many things which are more wanted in the world than pictures.
It is one of the secrets in that change of mental poise which has been fitly named conversion, that to many among us neither heaven nor earth has any revelation till some personality touches theirs with a peculiar influence, subduing them into receptiveness.
That is a strong word, but not too strong: it is in these acts called trivialities that the seeds of joy are forever wasted, until men and women look round with haggard faces at the devastation their own waste has made, and say, the earth bears no harvest of sweetness—calling their denial knowledge.
Her hand and wrist were so finely formed that she could wear sleeves not less bare of style than those in which the Blessed Virgin appeared to Italian painters; and her profile as well as her stature and bearing seemed to gain the more dignity from her plain garments, which by the side of provincial fashion gave her the impressiveness of a fine quotation from the Bible, —or from one of our elder poets, —in a paragraph of to-day’s newspaper.
We can not speak a loyal word and be meanly silent; we can not kill and not kill in the same moment; but a moment is wide enough for the loyal and mean desire, for the outlash of a murderous thought and the sharp backward stroke of repentance.
They had entered the thorny wilderness, and the golden gates of their childhood had forever closed behind them.
I would much rather he had knocked me down.
And suddenly, as Selden noted the fine shades of manner by which she harmonized herself with her surroundings, it flashed on him that, to need such adroit handling, the situation must indeed be desperate.
Mary was fond of her own thoughts, and could amuse herself well sitting in twilight with her hands in her lap; for, having early had strong reason to believe that things were not likely to be arranged for her peculiar satisfaction, she wasted no time in astonishment and annoyance at that fact.
That's Lily all over, you know: she works like a slave preparing the ground and sowing her seed; but the day she ought to be reaping the harvest she over-sleeps herself or goes off on a picnic.
If there is an angel who records the sorrows of men as well as their sins, he knows how many and deep are the sorrows that spring from false ideas for which no man is culpable.
Let even an affectionate Goliath get himself tied to a small tender thing, dreading to hurt it by pulling, and dreading still more to snap the cord, and which of the two, pray, will be master?
But he continued to finger about cautiously with his left hand, thinking he might get hold of the little creature and help it; and all at once he knew that the soft thing he had touched was Mattie's hair and that his hand was on her face.
Their long years together had shown him that it did not so much matter if marriage was a dull duty, as long as it kept the dignity of a duty: lapsing from that, it became a mere battle of ugly appetites.
No man likes to acknowledge that he has made a mistake in the choice of his profession, and every man, worthy of the name, will row long against wind and tide before he allows himself to cry out, I am baffled!
There was no harassing restraint, no repressing of glee and vivacity with him; for with him I was at perfect ease, because I knew I suited him; all I said or did seemed either to console or revive him.
My rest might have been blissful enough, only a sad heart broke it.
I had rather be a _thing_ than an angel.
It did not seem as if a prop were withdrawn, but rather as if a motive were gone: it was not the power to be tranquil which had failed me, but the reason for tranquillity was no more.
After all, the true seeing is within; and painting stares at you with an insistent imperfection.
I have omitted to give a detail of his words, from a notion that they would not interest the reader as they did me, and not because I have forgotten them.
That terrifying product of the social system he belonged to and believed in, the young girl who knew nothing and expected everything, looked back at him like a stranger through May Welland's familiar features; and once more it was borne in on him that marriage was not the safe anchorage he had been taught to think, but a voyage on uncharted seas.
It was thus, Archer reflected, that New York managed its transitions: conspiring to ignore them till they were well over, and then, in all good faith, imagining that they had taken place in a preceding age.
I was infatuated once with a foolish, besotted affection, that clung to him in spite of his unworthiness, but it is fairly gone now—wholly crushed and withered away; and he has none but himself and his vices to thank for it.
I thought Mr. Millward never _would_ cease telling us that he was no tea-drinker, and that it was highly injurious to keep loading the stomach with slops to the exclusion of more wholesome sustenance, and so give himself time to finish his fourth cup.
Sane people did what their neighbors did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Everything is all one—that is the beginning and end with you.
And there are many blanks left in the weeks of courtship which a loving faith fills with happy assurance.
Against slavery all right thinkers revolt, and though torture be the price of resistance, torture must be dared: though the only road to freedom lie through the gates of death, those gates must be passed; for freedom is indispensable.
Those who have been indulged by fortune and have always thought of calamity as what happens to others, feel a blind incredulous rage at the reversal of their lot, and half believe that their wild cries will alter the course of the storm.
He was a quick fellow, and when hot from play, would toss himself in a corner, and in five minutes be deep in any sort of book that he could lay his hands on: if it were Rasselas or Gulliver, so much the better, but Bailey’s Dictionary would do, or the Bible with the Apocrypha in it.
She wanted to surprise every one by her dash and originality, but she could not help modelling herself on the last person she met, and the confusion of ideals thus produced caused her much perturbation when she had to choose between two courses.
Unwonted circumstances may make us all rather unlike ourselves: there are conditions under which the most majestic person is obliged to sneeze, and our emotions are liable to be acted on in the same incongruous manner.
Outside it, in the scene of his actual life, he moved with a growing sense of unreality and insufficiency, blundering against familiar prejudices and traditional points of view as an absent-minded man goes on bumping into the furniture of his own room.
With dim lights and tangled circumstance they tried to shape their thought and deed in noble agreement; but after all, to common eyes their struggles seemed mere inconsistency and formlessness; for these later-born Theresas were helped by no coherent social faith and order which could perform the function of knowledge for the ardently willing soul.
I’m determined to read no more books where the blond-haired women carry away all the happiness.
But any one watching keenly the stealthy convergence of human lots, sees a slow preparation of effects from one life on another, which tells like a calculated irony on the indifference or the frozen stare with which we look at our unintroduced neighbor.
I used to come from the village with all that dirt and coarse ugliness like a pain within me, and the simpering pictures in the drawing-room seemed to me like a wicked attempt to find delight in what is false, while we don’t mind how hard the truth is for the neighbors outside our walls.
The wit of a family is usually best received among strangers.
There’s no sort of work, said Caleb, with fervor, putting out his hand and moving it up and down to mark his emphasis, that could ever be done well, if you minded what fools say.
But she had learnt, in those solemn hours of thought, that she herself must one day answer for her own life, and what she had done with it; and she tried to settle that most difficult problem for woman, how much was to be utterly merged in obedience to authority, and how much might be set apart for freedom in working.
It is true that the Bellomont puppets did not go to church; but others equally important did and Mr. and Mrs. Wetherall's circle was so large that God was included in their visiting-list.
If the master allows himself to be commanded by a servant, the latter becomes autocratic; the mind is similarly enslaved by submitting to bodily dictation.
He saw: this water ran and ran, incessantly it ran, and was nevertheless always there, was always at all times the same and yet new in every moment!
The planetary spheres, with their countless forms of life, are naught but figures in a cosmic motion picture, temporarily true to five sense perceptions as the scenes are cast on the screen of man's consciousness by the infinite creative beam.
He acted on impulse, and too often had reason to be sorry for it; but he hated his sorrow too much to let it teach him wisdom for the future.
Isn't there any heaven where old beautiful dances, old beautiful intimacies prolong themselves?
But for some among thousands, a few, four or five, the river has stopped being an obstacle, they have heard its voice, they have listened to it, and the river has become sacred to them, as it has become sacred to me.
With a thousand eyes, the river looked at him, with green ones, with white ones, with crystal ones, with sky-blue ones.
To-day we love what to-morrow we hate; to-day we seek what to-morrow we shun; to-day we desire what to-morrow we fear, nay, even tremble at the apprehensions of.
I would as soon see you, Mr. Rochester, tricked out in stage-trappings, as myself clad in a court-lady’s robe; and I don’t call you handsome, sir, though I love you most dearly: far too dearly to flatter you.
I had a theoretical reverence and homage for beauty, elegance, gallantry, fascination; but had I met those qualities incarnate in masculine shape, I should have known instinctively that they neither had nor could have sympathy with anything in me, and should have shunned them as one would fire, lightning, or anything else that is bright but antipathetic.
The spring which moved my energies lay far away beyond seas, in an Indian isle.
We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.
A man was bound to know himself better than that, and if he chose to grow gray crunching bones in a cavern, he had no business to be luring a girl into his companionship.
Like a good detective story myself, remarked Miss Howard.
Mrs. Thomas told me that God made my hair red _on purpose_, and I’ve never cared about Him since.
The warmly cool, clear, ringing, perfumed, overflowing, redundant days, were as crystal goblets of Persian sherbet, heaped up—flaked up, with rose-water snow.
Long exile from Christendom and civilization inevitably restores a man to that condition in which God placed him, _i.e._ what is called savagery.
If she dies mother, I can't speak of what I shall feel if she dies.
Let us go on to see little Susan, said Margaret, drawing her companion up a grassy road-way, leading under the shadow of a forest glade.
I told him to forbear question or remark; I desired him to leave me: I must and would be alone.
Once all of my self was overcome and had died, once every desire and every urge was silent in the heart, then the ultimate part of me had to awake, the innermost of my being, which is no longer my self, the great secret.
Feeling of no kind abounded in that house; this pure little drop from a pure little source was too sweet: it penetrated deep, and subdued the heart, and sent a gush to the eyes.
Men and women make sad mistakes about their own symptoms, taking their vague uneasy longings, sometimes for genius, sometimes for religion, and oftener still for a mighty love.
I feel _pity_ for him, and that is a poor sign of love.
I dare say it’s mercenary of me, but there it is!
Intelligence is a knave, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.
But it had never occurred to him that he should live in any other than what he would have called an ordinary way, with green glasses for hock, and excellent waiting at table.
Looking at the mother, you might hope that the daughter would become like her, which is a prospective advantage equal to a dowry—the mother too often standing behind the daughter like a malignant prophecy—Such as I am, she will shortly be.
I would not creep along the coast but steer Out in mid-sea, by guidance of the stars.
Our consciousness rarely registers the beginning of a growth within us any more than without us: there have been many circulations of the sap before we detect the smallest sign of the bud.
My life is too short, and God’s work is too great for me to think of making a home for myself in this world.
The little grey cells, my friend, the little grey cells!
And how nobly it raises our conceit of the mighty, misty monster, to behold him solemnly sailing through a calm tropical sea; his vast, mild head overhung by a canopy of vapor, engendered by his incommunicable contemplations, and that vapor—as you will sometimes see it—glorified by a rainbow, as if Heaven itself had put its seal upon his thoughts.
For backward or forward, eternity is the same; already have we been the nothing we dread to be.
I'm capable of a great jerk, an effort, and then a relaxation but steady, every-day goodness is beyond me.
One has always to try to think more of others than of oneself, and it is best not to prejudge people on the bad side.
All the elderly ladies whom Archer knew regarded any woman who loved imprudently as necessarily unscrupulous and designing, and mere simple-minded man as powerless in her clutches.
I can give you a cup of tea in no time and you won't meet any bores.
Lily had no real intimacy with nature, but she had a passion for the appropriate and could be keenly sensitive to a scene which was the fitting background of her own sensations.
It's rather clever of her to have made a specialty of devoting herself to dull people the field is such a large one, and she has it practically to herself.
You are an artist and I happen to be the bit of colour you are using today.
She yearned to be admired, and feared to be insulted; and yet seemed tragically conscious that she was destined to miss both these extremes of sensation, or to enjoy them only at second hand in the experiences of her more privileged friends.
The feeling he had nourished and given prominence to was one of thankfulness for his escape: he was like a traveller so grateful for rescue from a dangerous accident that at first he is hardly conscious of his bruises.
Its expression was now so vivid that for the first time he seemed to see before him the real Lily Bart, divested of the trivialities of her little world, and catching for a moment a note of that eternal harmony of which her beauty was a part.
But now, his liberated eyes stayed on this side, he saw and became aware of the visible, sought to be at home in this world, did not search for the true essence, did not aim at a world beyond.
There were certain things that had to be done, and if done at all, done handsomely and thoroughly; and one of these, in the old New York code, was the tribal rally around a kinswoman about to be eliminated from the tribe.
I had the firm conviction that, if I went about looking for adventure, adventure would meet me halfway.
I should like to enjoy myself thoroughly, and coquet with all the world, till I am on the verge of being called an old maid; and then, to escape the infamy of that, after having made ten thousand conquests, to break all their hearts save one, by marrying some high-born, rich, indulgent husband, whom, on the other hand, fifty ladies were dying to have.
Well there it was, and the fault was doubtless neither hers nor his, but that of the world they had grown up in, of their own moral contempt for it and physical dependence on it, of his half-talents and her half-principles, of the something in them both that was not stout enough to resist nor yet pliant enough to yield.
When uncultured minds, confined to a narrow range of personal experience, are under the pressure of continued misfortune, their inward life is apt to become a perpetually repeated round of sad and bitter thoughts; the same words, the same scenes, are revolved over and over again, the same mood accompanies them; the end of the year finds them as much what they were at the beginning as if they were machines set to a recurrent series of movements.
Men, it has been well said, think in herds; it will be seen that they go mad in herds, while they only recover their senses slowly, and one by one.
What, no wine?
I used to watch the line where earth and sky met, and longed to go and seek there the key of all mysteries, thinking that I might find there a new life, perhaps some great city where life should be grander and richer—and then it struck me that life may be grand enough even in a prison.
Nevertheless, not to extinguish our free will, I hold it to be true that Fortune is the arbiter of one-half of our actions,1 but that she still leaves us to direct the other half, or perhaps a little less.
His first mission was in 1499 to Catherina Sforza, my lady of Forli of _The Prince_, from whose conduct and fate he drew the moral that it is far better to earn the confidence of the people than to rely on fortresses.
Neither am I the means to any end others may wish to accomplish.
Wants to massacre the bourgeoisie, sack Park Lane, and disembowel the hereditary aristocracy.
You see, the catch about portrait-painting—I’ve looked into the thing a bit—is that you can’t start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they won’t come and ask you to until you’ve painted a lot first.
To be a woman condemned to a painful and disgraceful punishment is no impediment to beauty, but it is an obstacle to the recovery of power.
Riding was an indulgence which she allowed herself in spite of conscientious qualms; she felt that she enjoyed it in a pagan sensuous way, and always looked forward to renouncing it.
Our sweet illusions are half of them conscious illusions, like effects of colour that we know to be made up of tinsel, broken glass, and rags.
The youth may build or plant or sail, only let him not be hindered from doing that which he tells me he would like to do.
He is blessed who is assured that the animal is dying out in him day by day, and the divine being established.
Old Bittlesham was bound to knock off his allowance if he did anything of the sort; and, with a fellow like young Bingo, if you knocked off his allowance, you might just as well hit him on the head with an axe and make a clean job of it.
We can not see anything until we are possessed with the idea of it, take it into our heads, —and then we can hardly see anything else.
It is very evident what mean and sneaking lives many of you live, for my sight has been whetted by experience; always on the limits, trying to get into business and trying to get out of debt, a very ancient slough, called by the Latins _æs alienum_, another’s brass, for some of their coins were made of brass; still living, and dying, and buried by this other’s brass; always promising to pay, promising to pay, tomorrow, and dying today, insolvent; seeking to curry favor, to get custom, by how many modes, only not state-prison offences; lying, flattering, voting, contracting yourselves into a nutshell of civility or dilating into an atmosphere of thin and vaporous generosity, that you may persuade your neighbor to let you make his shoes, or his hat, or his coat, or his carriage, or import his groceries for him; making yourselves sick, that you may lay up something against a sick day, something to be tucked away in an old chest, or in a stocking behind the plastering, or, more safely, in the brick bank; no matter where, no matter how much or how little.
In our most trivial walks, we are constantly, though unconsciously, steering like pilots by certain well-known beacons and headlands, and if we go beyond our usual course we still carry in our minds the bearing of some neighboring cape; and not till we are completely lost, or turned round, —for a man needs only to be turned round once with his eyes shut in this world to be lost, —do we appreciate the vastness and strangeness of Nature.
All mankind in our age have split up into units, they all keep apart, each in his own groove; each one holds aloof, hides himself and hides what he has, from the rest, and he ends by being repelled by others and repelling them.
Pursue, keep up with, circle round and round your life, as a dog does his master's chaise.
There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us.
But the only true America is that country where you are at liberty to pursue such a mode of life as may enable you to do without these, and where the state does not endeavor to compel you to sustain the slavery and war and other superfluous expenses which directly or indirectly result from the use of such things.
To enjoy a thing exclusively is commonly to exclude yourself from the true enjoyment of it.
This is the only way, we say; but there are as many ways as there can be drawn radii from one centre.
You are really angry with me for not having appeared to you in a red glow, with thunder and lightning, with scorched wings, but have shown myself in such a modest form.
Abstract love of humanity is nearly always love of self.
Without a stable conception of the object of life, man would not consent to go on living, and would rather destroy himself than remain on earth, though he had bread in abundance.
Indeed, precious memories may remain even of a bad home, if only the heart knows how to find what is precious.
With infinite toil, you manoeuvred him into a position where all he had to do was charge ahead, and he didn't charge ahead, but went off sideways, missing the objective completely.
The very dogs that wander houseless and homeless in the streets find some pitying hand to cast them a mouthful of bread; and that a man, a Christian, should be allowed to perish of hunger in the midst of other men who call themselves Christians, is too horrible for belief.
Bodily haste and exertion usually leave our thoughts very much at the mercy of our feelings and imagination; and it was so to-night with Adam.
Stimulated by the juice, I believe, men have even been known to ride alligators.
The Paddock was one of those medium-sized houses with a goodish bit of very tidy garden and a carefully rolled gravel drive curving past a shrubbery that looked as if it had just come back from the dry cleaner the sort of house you take one look at and say to yourself,'Somebody's aunt lives there.'
He was simply a man whose desires had been stronger than his theoretic beliefs, and who had gradually explained the gratification of his desires into satisfactory agreement with those beliefs.
And as he pondered on the train home something in his own self seemed to have died: a loyal and vigorous faith in the goodness of the world, a fear of public disfavor, a pride in success.
They had but two, one, or no children; and despite the myth that the Great War had made work respectable, their husbands objected to their wasting time and getting a lot of crank ideas in unpaid social work, and still more to their causing a rumor, by earning money, that they were not adequately supported.
You would have us encourage our sons to prove all things by their own experience, while our daughters must not even profit by the experience of others.
I utilise all my spare moments.
The skin of their arms is like a blue mist, but their shoulders are white and glowing, as if the light fell not from above, but rose from under their skin.
And we thought suddenly that there was a great satisfaction to be found in the food which we need and obtain by our own hand.
The fields are black and ploughed, and they lie like a great fan before us, with their furrows gathered in some hand beyond the sky, spreading forth from that hand, opening wide apart as they come toward us, like black pleats that sparkle with thin, green spangles.
Some people lie, if you like to put it so, out of pure friendship, in order to amuse their fellows; but when a man makes use of extravagance in order to show his disrespect and to make clear how the intimacy bores him, it is time for a man of honour to break off the said intimacy, and to teach the offender his place.
As for my secret moral views, I had no room for them amongst my actual, practical opinions.
I’ve asked myself many times whether there is in the world any despair that would overcome this frantic and perhaps unseemly thirst for life in me, and I’ve come to the conclusion that there isn’t, that is till I am thirty, and then I shall lose it of myself, I fancy.
Only how is he going to be good without God?
But it will turn in the end into quiet joy, and your bitter tears will be only tears of tender sorrow that purifies the heart and delivers it from sin.
It is my will which chooses, and the choice of my will is the only edict I must respect.
Their eyes were dark and hard and glowing, with no fear in them, no kindness and no guilt.
Are we proud of this thread of metal, or of our hands which made it, or is there a line to divide these two?
But I magnified, as usual, the impression any word or deed of mine could produce on others; for no one gave any sign of having noticed my interruption as more than a rudeness, to be forgiven me on the score of my feeble nervous condition.
No, said Godfrey, with a keen decisiveness of tone, in contrast with his usually careless and unemphatic speech—there’s debts we can’t pay like money debts, by paying extra for the years that have slipped by.
We are children of a large family, and must learn, as such children do, not to expect that our hurts will be made much of—to be content with little nurture and caressing, and help each other the more.
He had a sense that the old man meant to be good-natured and neighbourly; but the kindness fell on him as sunshine falls on the wretched—he had no heart to taste it, and felt that it was very far off him.
It was one of those dangerous moments when speech is at once sincere and deceptive; when feeling, rising high above its average depth, leaves floodmarks which are never reached again.
More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us.
Very delicate was the china, very old the plate, very thin the bread and butter, and very small the lumps of sugar.
I dare say some would never get their eyes opened if it were not for a violent shock from the consequences of their own actions.
The promise was void, like so many other sweet, illusory promises of our childhood; void as promises made in Eden before the seasons were divided, and when the starry blossoms grew side by side with the ripening peach, —impossible to be fulfilled when the golden gates had been passed.
Somebody put a drop under a magnifying-glass and it was all semicolons and parentheses, said Mrs. Cadwallader.
And if time is not real, then the gap which seems to be between the world and the eternity, between suffering and blissfulness, between evil and good, is also a deception.
Then there were the calls of hunger; and Silas, in his solitude, had to provide his own breakfast, dinner, and supper, to fetch his own water from the well, and put his own kettle on the fire; and all these immediate promptings helped, along with the weaving, to reduce his life to the unquestioning activity of a spinning insect.
‘Put it,’she said,‘on the fourth finger of my left hand, and I am yours, and you are mine; and we shall leave earth, and make our own heaven yonder.’She nodded again at the moon.
The centurions were authorized to chastise with blows, the generals had a right to punish with death; and it was an inflexible maxim of Roman discipline, that a good soldier should dread his officers far more than the enemy.
It was nothing but a readiness of the soul, an ability, a secret art, to think every moment, while living his life, the thought of oneness, to be able to feel and inhale the oneness.
muttered Hawkeye, with an inward laugh, to go through life, like a catbird, mocking all the ups and downs that may happen to come out of other men’s throats.
23 THE RENDEZVOUS D’Artagnan ran home immediately, and although it was three o’clock in the morning and he had some of the worst quarters of Paris to traverse, he met with no misadventure.
In explanation of the taste of Hawkeye, it should be remembered that men always prize that most which is least enjoyed.
You are Kamala, nothing else, and inside of you, there is a peace and refuge, to which you can go at every hour of the day and be at home at yourself, as I can also do.
At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago.
They’re a pair of young Satans.
It is the sun shining on the rain and the rain falling on the sunshine, and things pushing up and working under the earth, said Mary.
Nothing could ever make you feel.
But I suppose there MIGHT be good in things, even if we don't see it.
If you suppose anything hard enough it seems as if it were real.
If Nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that warm things, kind things, sweet things help and comfort and laughter and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
Inferno: Canto XXVI Rejoice, O Florence, since thou art so great, That over sea and land thou beatest thy wings, And throughout Hell thy name is spread abroad!
His straight and perfect figure, muscled as the best of the ancient Roman gladiators must have been muscled, and yet with the soft and sinuous curves of a Greek god, told at a glance the wondrous combination of enormous strength with suppleness and speed.
Marseilles—The Arrival On the 24th of February, 1815, the look-out at Notre-Dame la Garde signalled the three-master, the _Pharaon_ from Smyrna, Trieste, and Naples.
He seemed to use them rather as instruments to search other people’s thoughts, than as agents to reveal his own: the which combination of keenness and reserve was considerably more calculated to embarrass than to encourage.
Life, however, was yet in my possession, with all its requirements, and pains, and responsibilities.
I don't mean the ordinary physical loneliness, for here I am, deliberately travelled away from London to get to it, to its spaciousness and healing.
In bed by herself: adorable condition.
He had no idea that he never went out of the house without her blessing going with him too, hovering, like a little echo of finished love, round that once dear head.
Always being there was the essential secret for a wife.
And here I have lamely related to you the uneventful chronicle of two foolish children in a flat who most unwisely sacrificed for each other the greatest treasures of their house.
Looking into his eyes, you seemed to see there the yet lingering images of those thousand-fold perils he had calmly confronted through life.
Here was a man some twenty thousand miles from home, by the way of Cape Horn, that is—which was the only way he could get there—thrown among people as strange to him as though he were in the planet Jupiter; and yet he seemed entirely at his ease; preserving the utmost serenity; content with his own companionship; always equal to himself.
Bog-lights, vapours of mysticism, psychic overtones, soul orgies, wailings among the shadows, weird gnosticisms, veils and tissues of words, gibbering subjectivisms, gropings and maunderings, ontological fantasies, pan-psychic hallucinations this is the stuff, the phantasms of hope, that fills your bookshelves.
He was a killer, a thing that preyed, living on the things that lived, unaided, alone, by virtue of his own strength and prowess, surviving triumphantly in a hostile environment where only the strong survived.
This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad on a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.
You do not know the real world in which you live, and your thinking has no place in the real world except in so far as it is phenomena of mental aberration.
A kind word, a caressing touch of the hand, on the part of Grey Beaver, might have sounded these deeps; but Grey Beaver did not caress, nor speak kind words.
He would have to learn the reality of a thing before he could put his faith into it.
Life that did not yearn toward life was in fair way toward ceasing.
There were not words enough in the English language, nor in any language, to make his attitude and conduct intelligible to them.
They alone were alive, and they sought for other things that were alive in order that they might devour them and continue to live.
He lived alone, and, so to speak, outside of every social relation; and as he knew that in this world account must be taken of friction, and that friction retards, he never rubbed against anybody.
As for Phileas Fogg, it seemed just as if the typhoon were a part of his programme.
I see that it is by no means useless to travel, if a man wants to see something new.
Memory is a gulf that a word can move to its lowest depths.
Great edifices, like great mountains, are the work of centuries.
Let us pray, not for ourselves, but that our brother may not fall into sin on our account.
It was during this period that he might have harkened to the memories of the lair and the stream and run back to the Wild.
Nevertheless, thus clad, I trod interstellar space, exalted by the knowledge that I was bound on vast adventure, where, at the end, I would find all the cosmic formulæ and have made clear to me the ultimate secret of the universe.
His mother put him to bed, and made some camomile tea; and she gave a dose of it to Peter!
Here are thieves and robbers and tribunals: and they that are called tyrants, who deem that they have after a fashion power over us, because of the miserable body and what appertains to it.
Be not more fearful than children; but as they, when they weary of the game, cry, I will play no more, even so, when thou art in the like case, cry, I will play no more and depart.
CXLIII Asked how a man should best grieve his enemy, Epictetus replied, By setting himself to live the noblest life himself.
He wondered why he felt so great an interest in these people—why he had gone to such pains to save the three men.
My hours of leisure I spent in reading the best authors, ancient and modern, being always provided with a good number of books; and when I was ashore, in observing the manners and dispositions of the people, as well as learning their language; wherein I had a great facility, by the strength of my memory.
I desired that the senate of Rome might appear before me, in one large chamber, and an assembly of somewhat a later age in counterview, in another.
I wish I could believe it, but those features are burned so deep into my memory and my heart that I should recognize them anywhere in the world from among a thousand others, who might appear identical to any one but me.
He made the country down in Illinois, and He made the Missouri, the little girl continued.
Philip remembered the story of the Eastern King who, desiring to know the history of man, was brought by a sage five hundred volumes; busy with affairs of state, he bade him go and condense it; in twenty years the sage returned and his history now was in no more than fifty volumes, but the King, too old then to read so many ponderous tomes, bade him go and shorten it once more; twenty years passed again and the sage, old and gray, brought a single book in which was the knowledge the King had sought; but the King lay on his death-bed, and he had no time to read even that; and then the sage gave him the history of man in a single line; it was this: he was born, he suffered, and he died.
AH, SUNFLOWER Ah, sunflower, weary of time, Who countest the steps of the sun; Seeking after that sweet golden clime Where the traveller’s journey is done; Where the Youth pined away with desire, And the pale virgin shrouded in snow, Arise from their graves, and aspire Where my Sunflower wishes to go!
With some men it needs a cataclysm, as a stone may be broken to fragments by the fury of a torrent; but with some it comes gradually, as a stone may be worn away by the ceaseless fall of a drop of water.
He seemed to see his fellow-creatures grotesquely, and he was angry with them because they were grotesque; life was a confusion of ridiculous, sordid happenings, a fit subject for laughter, and yet it made him sorrowful to laugh.
The idealist withdrew himself, because he could not suffer the jostling of the human crowd; he had not the strength to fight and so called the battle vulgar; he was vain, and since his fellows would not take him at his own estimate, consoled himself with despising his fellows.
He began to think of the difference between himself and others.
My friends pursued their course with uneventfulness; they had no longer any surprises for me, and when I met them I knew pretty well what they would say; even their love-affairs had a tedious banality.
The past is finished; let the dead bury their dead.
Whenever she saw in others an advantage, however trivial, which she herself lacked, she would persuade herself that it was no advantage at all, but a drawback, and would pity so as not to have to envy them.
And that condition is fulfilled so soon as in the moment when she has failed to meet us for the pleasure which we were on the point of enjoying in her charming company is abruptly substituted an anxious torturing desire, whose object is the creature herself, an irrational, absurd desire, which the laws of civilised society make it impossible to satisfy and difficult to assuage the insensate, agonising desire to possess her.
The last words he said to me when I bade him good-night were: Tell Amy it's no good coming after me.
After I had received the Holy Communion I asked Our Lord to give me peace of mind: Thou shalt have it only, the answer seemed to come to me, when thou hast ceased to desire it.
They knelt together, and the good man prayed, —for there are some feelings so agitated and tumultuous, that they can find rest only by being poured into the bosom of Almighty love, —and then, rising up, the new-found family embraced each other, with a holy trust in Him, who from such peril and dangers, and by such unknown ways, had brought them together.
But, of old, there was One whose suffering changed an instrument of torture, degradation and shame, into a symbol of glory, honor, and immortal life; and, where His spirit is, neither degrading stripes, nor blood, nor insults, can make the Christian’s last struggle less than glorious.
What It thinks, that It utters; and what It utters, that It hears; and It itself is Thinker, Utterer, Hearer, Thought, Word, Audition; it is the One, and yet the All in All.
And even as we, who are now in Space, look down on Flatland and see the insides of all things, so of a certainty there is yet above us some higher, purer region, whither thou dost surely purpose to lead me O Thou Whom I shall always call, everywhere and in all Dimensions, my Priest, Philosopher, and Friend some yet more spacious Space, some more dimensionable Dimensionality, from the vantage-ground of which we shall look down together upon the revealed insides of Solid things, and where thine own intestines, and those of thy kindred Spheres, will lie exposed to the view of the poor wandering exile from Flatland, to whom so much has already been vouchsafed.
She was engaged in the task of defending her position in life, said Heyst.
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
Often far away there I thought of these two, guarding the door of Darkness, knitting black wool as for a warm pall, one introducing, introducing continuously to the unknown, the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes.
He was there below me, and, upon my word, to look at him was as edifying as seeing a dog in a parody of breeches and a feather hat, walking on his hind-legs.
A certain simplicity of thought is common to serene souls at both ends of the social scale.
It is when we try to grapple with another man’s intimate need that we perceive how incomprehensible, wavering, and misty are the beings that share with us the sight of the stars and the warmth of the sun.
‘I have been very happy—very fortunate—very proud,’she went on.
Oh the glamour of youth!
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
Perhaps you laugh too, dear reader; but you know humanity comes out in a variety of strange forms now-a-days, and there is no end to the odd things that humane people will say and do.
_Note._ The reason Milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of Angels and God, and at liberty when of Devils and Hell, is because he was a true poet, and of the Devil's party without knowing it.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock, but of wisdom no clock can measure.
Energy is the only life, and is from the Body; and Reason is the bound or outward circumference of Energy.
That is, I mean that _I_ could not be a Christian otherwise, though I have certainly had intercourse with a great many enlightened and Christian people who did no such thing; and I confess that the apathy of religious people on this subject, their want of perception of wrongs that filled me with horror, have engendered in me more scepticism than any other thing.
Imagine a vast sheet of paper on which straight Lines, Triangles, Squares, Pentagons, Hexagons, and other figures, instead of remaining fixed in their places, move freely about, on or in the surface, but without the power of rising above or sinking below it, very much like shadows only hard and with luminous edges and you will then have a pretty correct notion of my country and countrymen.
That which to him was a great evil, to be carefully shunned, was to me a great good, to be diligently sought; and the argument which he so warmly urged, against my learning to read, only served to inspire me with a desire and determination to learn.
There is only one way to win hearts and that is to make oneself like unto those of whom one would be loved.
He has brains and character; and that, I may tell you, is a very unusual combination.
The workpeople, to be sure riggers and what not were most annoyingly slow; but time cured that.
Half a capital and half a country town, the whole city leads a double existence; it has long trances of the one and flashes of the other; like the king of the Black Isles, it is half alive and half a monumental marble.
IV To look back upon the past year, and see how little we have striven and to what small purpose; and how often we have been cowardly and hung back, or temerarious and rushed unwisely in; and how every day and all day long we have transgressed the law of kindness; —it may seem a paradox, but in the bitterness of these discoveries, a certain consolation resides.
With every day, and from both sides of my intelligence, the moral and the intellectual, I thus drew steadily nearer to that truth, by whose partial discovery I have been doomed to such a dreadful shipwreck: that man is not truly one, but truly two.
DORMOUSE You might just as well say that I breathe when I sleep is the same thing as I sleep when I breathe.
either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of them.
Why, it’s as much as _I_ can do to see real people, by this light!
DUCHESS I quite agree with you, and the moral of that is Be what you would seem to be; or, if you'd like it put more simply, Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Oh, you can’t help that, said the Cat: we’re all mad here.
This was charming, no doubt; but they shortly found out That the Captain they trusted so well Had only one notion for crossing the ocean, And that was to tingle his bell.
KNAVE Why she; it's all her fancy, that.
HATTER You mean, you can't take _less_; it's very easy to take _more_ than nothing.
Emma was like all his mistresses; and the charm of novelty, gradually falling away like a garment, laid bare the eternal monotony of passion, that has always the same forms and the same language.
Motionless we traverse countries we fancy we see, and your thought, blending with the fiction, playing with the details, follows the outline of the adventures.
Under her window there was a beehive, and sometimes the bees wheeling round in the light struck against her window like rebounding balls of gold.
Now I see through their absurdities and deceptions, and it only grieves me that this destruction of my illusions has come so late that it leaves me no time to make some amends by reading other books that might be a light to my soul.
Gerald's look assured her that he and the others would be as near angels as children could be without ceasing to be human.
Albert’s uncle says I ought to have put this in the preface, but I never read prefaces, and it is not much good writing things just for people to skip.
When it is impossible to stretch the very elastic threads of historical ratiocination any farther, when actions are clearly contrary to all that humanity calls right or even just, the historians produce a saving conception of greatness.
But believe me, my dear boy, there is nothing stronger than those two: patience and time, they will do it all.
But in the depths of his heart, the older he became, and the more intimately he knew his brother, the more and more frequently the thought struck him that this faculty of working for the public good, of which he felt himself utterly devoid, was possibly not so much a quality as a lack of something—not a lack of good, honest, noble desires and tastes, but a lack of vital force, of what is called heart, of that impulse which drives a man to choose someone out of the innumerable paths of life, and to care only for that one.
The animalism of the brute nature in man is disgusting, thought he, but as long as it remains in its naked form we observe it from the height of our spiritual life and despise it; and whether one has fallen or resisted one remains what one was before.
At that moment an immense number of things passed dimly through both their minds, and they realized that they were both children of humanity and were brothers.
He could not at this date repent of the fact that he, a handsome, susceptible man of thirty-four, was not in love with his wife, the mother of five living and two dead children, and only a year younger than himself.
In short, we have every century except our own a thing which has never been seen at any other epoch: eclecticism is our taste; we take everything we find, this for beauty, that for utility, another for antiquity, still another for its ugliness even, so that we live surrounded by debris, as if the end of the world were at hand.
As is always the case with a thoroughly attractive woman, her defect—the shortness of her upper lip and her half-open mouth—seemed to be her own special and peculiar form of beauty.
He looked like a man who had never cringed and never had had a creditor.
It must call for no small sagacity in a reader unerringly to discriminate in a novel between the inconsistencies of conception and those of life as elsewhere.
Of such a letter, Death himself might well have been the post-boy.
Skies the most effulgent but basket the deadliest thunders: gorgeous Cuba knows tornadoes that never swept tame northern lands.
Imagine my surprise, nay, my consternation, when without moving from his privacy, Bartleby in a singularly mild, firm voice, replied, I would prefer not to.
That world of her own seemed to her now so sweet and precious that she would not on any account spend an extra day outside it, and she made up her mind that she would certainly go back next day.
But this whole world is a preposterous one, with many preposterous people in it; chief among whom was Mrs. Tartan, match-maker to the nation.
So have I seen Passion and Vanity stamping the living magnanimous earth, but the earth did not alter her tides and her seasons for that.
As though tears were the indispensable oil, without which the machinery of mutual confidence could not run smoothly between the two sisters, the sisters after their tears talked, not of what was uppermost in their minds, but, though they talked of outside matters, they understood each other.
He had heard that women often did care for ugly and ordinary men, but he did not believe it, for he judged by himself, and he could not himself have loved any but beautiful, mysterious, and exceptional women.
All these institutions seemed purposely invented for the production of depravity and vice, condensed to such a degree that no other conditions could produce it, and for the spreading of this condensed depravity and vice broadcast among the whole population.
Think then what it is to live on here eternally and yet be human; to age in soul and see our beloved die and pass to lands whither we may not hope to follow; to wait while drop by drop the curse of the long centuries falls upon our imperishable being, like water slow dripping on a diamond that it can not wear, till they be born anew forgetful of us, and again sink from our helpless arms into the void unknowable.
and Mrs. Jo's eyes grew absent, as if she was looking at a new and charming state of society in which people lived as happily and innocently as her flock at Plumfield.
The girls gave their hearts into their mother’s keeping, their souls into their father’s, and to both parents, who lived and labored so faithfully for them, they gave a love that grew with their growth and bound them tenderly together by the sweetest tie which blesses life and outlives death.
whispered Polly, in a tone which caused him to feel that the race of angels was not entirely extinct.
I beg leave to assure my honored readers that most of the incidents are taken from real life, and that the oddest are the truest; for no person, no matter how vivid an imagination he may have, can invent anything half so droll as the freaks and fancies that originate in the lively brains of little people.
She never suspected that the exercise books and new songs which she found in the rack were put there for her especial benefit, and when he talked to her about music at home, she only thought how kind he was to tell things that helped her so much.
I never knew how good and generous and tender he was till now, for he lets me read his heart, and I find it full of noble impulses and hopes and purposes, and am so proud to know it’s mine.
A literary spinster, with a pen for a spouse, a family of stories for children, and twenty years hence a morsel of fame, perhaps, when, like poor Johnson, I’m old and can’t enjoy it, solitary, and can’t share it, independent, and don’t need it.
I was not made for the desk and counting-house, for petty business squabbling, and legal jangling.
For he steals my bread and meat and bed, and in so doing imperils my life.
I went on The Road because I couldn't keep away from it; because I hadn't the price of the railroad fare in my jeans; because I was so made that I couldn't work all my life on one same shift; because well, just because it was easier to than not to.
One side or the other of his nature was perfectly comprehensible; but both sides together were bewildering.
The moment Aunt March took her nap, or was busy with company, Jo hurried to this quiet place, and curling herself up in the easy chair, devoured poetry, romance, history, travels, and pictures like a regular bookworm.
Her little feet in their white satin dancing shoes did their work swiftly, lightly, and independently of herself, while her face beamed with ecstatic happiness.
I haven’t got my skates, Levin answered, marveling at this boldness and ease in her presence, and not for one second losing sight of her, though he did not look at her.
He did not think that the Christian law that he had been all his life trying to follow, enjoined on him to forgive and love his enemies; but a glad feeling of love and forgiveness for his enemies filled his heart.
Those joys were so small that they passed unnoticed, like gold in sand, and at bad moments she could see nothing but the pain, nothing but sand; but there were good moments too when she saw nothing but the joy, nothing but gold.
He wanted and needed their love, but felt none towards them.
It is very difficult to tell the truth, and young people are rarely capable of it.
Now if there is anything mortifying to our feelings when we are young, it is to be told that, and to be bidden to run away, dear is still more trying to us.
It was necessary that millions of men in whose hands lay the real power—the soldiers who fired, or transported provisions and guns—should consent to carry out the will of these weak individuals, and should have been induced to do so by an infinite number of diverse and complex causes.
Above all, the free man is superior to the man who has to serve another.
The lawyers gathered together down in front of the steps and discussed with each other what they should do; on the one hand they had actually no right to be allowed into the building so that there was hardly anything that they could legally do to the official and, as I've already mentioned, they would have to be careful not to set all the officials against them.
In the immediate nearness of the gold, all else had been forgotten: his promise and the doctor’s warning were both things of the past, and I could not doubt that he hoped to seize upon the treasure, find and board the HISPANIOLA under cover of night, cut every honest throat about that island, and sail away as he had at first intended, laden with crimes and riches.
This, when it was brought to him, he drank slowly, like a connoisseur, lingering on the taste and still looking about him at the cliffs and up at our signboard.
There is a kind of gaping admiration that would fain roll Shakespeare and Bacon into one, to have a bigger thing to gape at; and a class of men who can not edit one author without disparaging all others.
At that moment it meant nothing to him who might be standing over him, or what was said of him; he was only glad that people were standing near him and only wished that they would help him and bring him back to life, which seemed to him so beautiful now that he had today learned to understand it so differently.
But later too, and the next day and the third day, she still found no words in which she could express the complexity of her feelings; indeed, she could not even find thoughts in which she could clearly think out all that was in her soul.
She was at that height of bliss when one becomes completely kind and good and does not believe in the possibility of evil, unhappiness, or sorrow.
There are two sides to the life of every man, his individual life, which is the more free the more abstract its interests, and his elemental hive life in which he inevitably obeys laws laid down for him.
On the twelfth of June, 1812, the forces of Western Europe crossed the Russian frontier and war began, that is, an event took place opposed to human reason and to human nature.
Imagine, if you can, a huge grizzly with ten legs armed with mighty talons and an enormous froglike mouth splitting his head from ear to ear, exposing three rows of long, white tusks.
When Tarzan killed he more often smiled than scowled, and smiles are the foundation of beauty.
Beth lay a minute thinking, and then said in her quiet way, I don’t know how to express myself, and shouldn’t try to anyone but you, because I can’t speak out except to my Jo.